 Well, this I think it's just it's just an article to spam clicks probably. By the way, guys, what [Music] [Laughter] [Applause] [Laughter] [Music] Subscribe to win a Lamborghini. That's right. You can win a Lamborghini. Subscribe. Actually, a picture of a Lamborghini. I won't pay for it. But don't say if or anything like that. Just they're like separate statements. You could win. You could win a Lamborghini. Subscribe. Don't eat it. You know, I'm going to give you I'm going to give you a rule this episode. Okay. We're going to start off with a rule. We don't often start an episode with a rule. This episode you get to use your phone as much as you Oh my god, he's eating the Stop eating it. He's like a goat, dude. Well, you got Now you got to swallow it. Take it out. He has square pimples. Take it out. Take it. Spit it out. Don't turn this sound on. Spit out his mic in front of young man. Spit it out now. Spit it out now. Young man. Get it all the way in. Spit it out. Your mother know. Your mother's going to choke. Dude, it's it's like when Dur ate a string once. We had to pull. Stop playing. Not like us. You need your mic. You got to use your phone as much as you want this episode. Okay. That's our rule. Okay. You want to point You want to pull it out. Stop. This is the vibes are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] today. Can I Can I vent to nobody? Cuz no one wants to listen to me apparently cuz it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chopped as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm coming. Don't retain it. Take off the hat. Huh? What' you say? Take off the hat. Why is girly uncut? Uh, I haven't shaved in a couple days. Oh, that's fine. We'll call it uncut. Is something wrong? You don't come prep. You don't prep for the podcast anymore. It doesn't matter to you. I do. Here's you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And earphones in. He's got his big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Apple earphones. Nick's been non-verbal all day. It's been miserable. I show up. You're playing CS GO. I can't play [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm working. You're working on Call of Duty mods. Not during the day. You can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You can at least banter with me while you're working on Call of Duty mods. I can't banter with that during the day. I wasn't talking about that. He's on a piggy PC installing a Call of Duty 4 mod. I go up to him. I say, "Isn't it crazy that the Kardashians are Armenian?" Yeah. And I said, I said, "No, it's not crazy. It is kind of crazy." Low key, low key, it's kind of crazy. And he doesn't even look at me. I feel like I'm doing something cuz I would guess like Iranian, huh? I would have guessed like Iranian, Persian, Persian, you know, something like that. Apparently, this sort of discussion is beneath. Is it crazy they're not Iranian? Is it crazy that you're not Iran? It's kind of Yeah, low key. So, you see where I'm at? I I'm more on Nick's level with this. He'll be he This is him and I'd be like, "Yo, mustard on the beat, ho." And be like, "Mhm." So, let me let me let me repackage for the fans at home. He'll see me focused on something. I don't know if he's focused. And then he'll break my focus and I'll try to keep it because I'm deep in thought. And then I'll give him something because he's talking to me. Yeah. And then and then eventually he'll give up and I'll be like, "Okay, I've gotten my focus back." One day he'll die from old age soon and then you'll be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sad you didn't spend these moments with me. And my last words to him will be like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah." I was like, "You're working on that Call of Duty 4, you know, Verdans is out." He's like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." I'm like, "I'm going to kill myself. This sucks." He hit you with something to work on. I do work on stuff. It's just hard. It's just hard. You need more things to work on easier things. You say I don't prep for the podcast something. You say I'm prep for the podcast and it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We have a we have a we used to have a beautiful ecosystem. Okay. I you know I work from about 10:30 to about 4 or 5. Then we come in and we do the podcast. But now the ecosystem's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz you come in, you want Bance all day. I was mercilessly bothering you yelling Bance all day and I'm trying to work at 700 p.m. cuz I know when I came in and Kelby was here I looked at you. I was like, he's focused and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. 700 p.m. is my time. You guys don't even understand what's my time. Sorry, I forgot that 7:00 p.m. is his time. That's my bad in the public office. Cuz I walked in here and Kelby was here. I punked his dumb ass. Easy clean. Yep. He said, "Why do you have red neck?" Is what he said to Kelby. Kelby said, "I always have a red neck." Hold on. I I was focused when this happened, but I I meant to step in because Kelby Kelby does have redneck. I know. I know. Kelby gets a redneck. He has redneck. And you asked an important question. I thought some people turn red, which is do it go all the way down. I did. I asked him how far it go down. I missed. I refocused during that part. I missed that. And then he looks down into his shirt. Aiden starts laughing. He had to check. He had to check. He's like, "It just goes down to my neck." And I said, "You're dismissed." And then he left with his awesome fiance. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Everything's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up right now. You You work You work with Jake from State Farm for 13 hours a day. Thin by Jake. Jake's Jake's pushing you to the edge. The veins. God, he is pushing edge. And it's Yeah, it's wet. Yes. Every second of my damn time. You show up like a broken man at the office. You know how uh You should sack tap him. Jake from State Farm. I probably could get away with that. Boom. Sack tap his his two Jake from the state. I could sack tap. He'd probably hit me back though and he's strong. Hey, which one's the good neighbor? Which one's the bad neighbor? Yeah, it's like the theater happy sad face. Knock it like a old doorbell thing. Like a door knocker. And it makes the jingle. You know Michael J. Fox, right? Yes. Yeah. The guy with Parkinson. Sure. But before that, he was an actor. There's a legacy surrounding it as well. He was in Back to the Future in a different show that I don't care about, but I almost watched Back to the Future 2 on the plane. Close. Almost. That's fun. He almost I almost did something uninteresting and unrelated. That's an awesome interjection. I'm going to try that. I'm going to try that. I thought about No Country for Old Men. I just thought about it. Then I just read. So he he in the time when he was doing Back to the Future, he was also on this TV show and he was shooting them at the same time and he would he would shoot the show all day and then get like literally dragged like fall asleep and get carried to Back to the Future set to do that and that and it it had like terrible effects on his like life cuz it was he was working for like 20 hours a day. This is what's going on with you. We're working you to the bone. You know what he said to me? This was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I'm sitting there. He comes in. He's like dead looking at his phone. Basketball's on. I have some fruit in my hands. I say, "You want some fruit?" Jubbing says, "No." He says, "There's too much Mexican stuff on it." Which is crazy. No, I did not say that. I said there's too much Mexican to Jin on it. Yes. Sorry. You said that to Jin. I said, "I don't want all that to jin." Yeah. And I said, and he's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losing his mind. I'm like, "How do I make your life better right now, dude?" And he s he quietly he's just like, "Cancel the yard." I I did hear you say that. I say, "Cancel the yard." Yeah. which is so snake like of you cuz you asked me what I needed zone and then you yelled it like and you also turned your head to tell the people I wanted to talk to Nick we're recording for those listening we're recording on Thursday night. We normally would wait till Monday of the following week but we're recording early. Yeah. And we're going to finish at 10:00 and I have to be in at 6:00 which means I got seven hours at most. You know what the the grand irony of all this is? Me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me and Slime had a conversation like 3 weeks ago. We were talking about work and productivity and stuff and I was like yeah I think it's important to like have multiple zones like I think it's important to have like you know when you get home at the end of the day you earn playing video games and going to sleep early because you worked all day so like if you can go to like another environment and I was like you know a coffee shop or like and he found his zone and he comes here and now my zone my zone is gone. be nice to yourself. We need We need Brian from Offbrand to come back so bad. Kick you out. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Brian. Also, 5:00 p.m. At after 5:00 p.m. I turn on, but before that, if people want to work, I do shut up quick. Unless Kelly's in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] office, which is most every day. Yeah. Just to be clear, that's every day. Yeah, that's every day. And it's also This is also not true. This was maybe true today. Yeah, I actually the first and it was only true today because you came in at 5:00 p.m. You came in at You came in at 4:55, right? This is only true because you came in at the time that you just said this is like 4:30. But no, no, it was 4. It was 4:55. Listen, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You said you said not even the couple days ago we recorded the podcast, the yard podcast. You were like, "I did play five hours of Counter Strike." I did. I did. That's a good day. I was being a little annoying. Sorry, I interrupted your smokes, bro. I just I want to know when people start working around here. I do, too. I've been saying that to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've been brought to the tattered edge. You've been brought to the tattered edge. I got three weeks getting filled up by Michael. We need to get out of the cycle. We need to find something new. Okay, this is this is my way. This is my way out. You know what? came to the office today and I want I just want everybody's first guttural reaction to see first guttal reaction to see what is it? Show the people. Oh my god. That's free advertising right there. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] For real? You're giving free. That's free advertising. I just I'm just appalled. Drink the prime. It's actually really good. I heard. Dude, that I don't want to open it. I don't want to be it. He open it. For the audio listeners, it's a brown and yellow box of Lunchley. Beef Well feast Wellington beef tenderloin wrapped in puff pastry. Lunchley. Okay, Archie is shivering. Dude, if I ate a man, I'd want it wrapped like a beef Wellington. Freak. I thought of it. So, it's beef Wellington and then a feastable bar and then what's the prime drink? Uh, it's supposed to be like like sort of a savory prime. Can I be honest? It's gravy. Oh, that's so gross. No, I think I've heard it's good. Genuinely. So, it's for kids to open up. By the way, uh when I saw that earlier, dude, I that's Give me the feables. Give me the fecables. I bet it's just like beef jerky. When I saw that ear cuz lunch are like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] meals, right? That is That is wrapped in breading. Oh, it says leave no crumbs. That looks good. All right, guys. Honest meal review. Oh, it's going to smell like jerky on a plane. It says leave no crumbs. I will. It's Is this extra beefy prime? Yeah. Beefy. It's a joke. It's a joke product. Okay, fine. Oh my god. I thought it was real. Why is that so gross to me? It's April Fools. Dude, this is great. Wait, can I see that? Dude, you're eating the April Fool's meal. Mhm. It's really good. Does it smell like the the amaranth fart jar? Oh, dude, it does not. Give me Give me Give me Give me I got to put the cap back. Wait, taste it. Taste it. Taste it. Taste it. Taste it. What does it taste like? Dude, that's awesome. What's in it? I'm scared. It says broth bomb. Uh, also this is not advertising. The people at Prime uh and you think I laugh, right? You think you think, oh, funny joke. This is when this one's real. Let's see what's in here. I like how it's got this sort of like old school Sonic the Hedgehog color palette. Who's that guy who just You're going to get Carl Job. You're going to get Carl Jobstead, bro. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's do it. Let's go. I don't want to. I don't smell it. You got to give it a sniff. Going up against Mr. Beast and the Pauls and KSI, all their lawyers. All you absolute legends eating beef Wellington. It tastes like water. It tastes and smells like watered down broth. Oh my god. On my knee. I'm going to grow down mushroom there. Okay. The It smell, you know, it smells like cat food. I don't I haven't even talked about it, but the chocolate is called broccoli and it's supposed to be broccoli flavored chocolate, right? Okay, I get it now. I thought this was genuine. May, you know, they fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on me. Shame on me. That's not bad, right? The broccoli chocolate. Yeah, it's actually just white chocolate with a little broccoli. I don't think I don't think that food should be a prank. They really I don't think that I don't think kids should eat prank food. Guy who got his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face put in a pie by a clown. No more food pranks. I I think that What if What if a kid drank this? Well, obviously they wouldn't because they wouldn't buy it and their parents would buy nutrition facts. Did you guys ever have a food fight ever? Did you ever see a real one in school? Was it like But like how electric was it? It was like It wasn't It wasn't like the movies. It wasn't like everyone It wasn't like everyone do it. It was like It was like eight people. That's like a food like a table like like two different tables wearing it. That makes sense. People who knew each other but were like egoing each other. I tried to start one one time. I just had a muffin. Setting up food fight. Everyone food fights and then everyone's like nah no I I I just had a muffin. I ate the top. I didn't want the rest. So I crumpled it in a ball and I threw it across cafeteria. Was it just in the paper or did you crumple just outside the paper? Just the balls of like dough. So it's a scatter shot and I just and I chucked it and I just didn't hit anything. No. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look, not to tear you down in your most vulnerable moment. Yeah, cuz I am being vulnerable. You've told this before in the attic. Oh my god. I don't remember this at all. Not true. I've never heard I don't think I've heard this. Not true. I'll write it back if it's there. I actually think that you can't find this cuz I never said this. You just type in because after this I say when I threw an apple at Tyler's head and it hit him in the head. And then I remembered what I think I say after which is that my school never had a food fight, but we used to get uh plastic bottles in paper bags and make explosion sounds and it was awful. And then he said, "But all I do is blow it out or some shit." Yeah. Well, when he said what he said, I remembered a story when I was in Spanish in the fifth grade where no, sixth grade where uh there was this girl who sat in front of me and someone like one of like someone I knew across the classroom threw a Jolly Rancher into her hair but she sat in front of me and so she felt it and then she grabbed it got stuck and then she like turned around and she thought it was me and then I got the tension. Oh. Because she had a Jolly Rancher stuck in her hair and I was behind you stomped her after school. I think I might have said that. May have also said this. And this is after an episode that was entirely the opening of the last two episodes. This is bad. Enough circling around. I did prepare for the podcast. It might be time. It might be time to pack it up. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Lemonade Tycoon. Sit down. It might be time to pack last time you said that. What a better name. Lemonade Tycoon. Oh my god. And the logo is like a a lemonade stand but the size of like a parker coaster. It's taken, bro. That's the game. Lemonade Tycoon or roller coaster that one. I know roller coaster. There's a Lemonade Tycoon game for real. Are you guys dumb? This game is massive. Wait, I did not know. This was like, are you ser? This is like You have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game that ripped this off. Stop doing the Charlie face that ripped this off. How do you not know? Wait, it has similarities to Lemonade Stand. Go to that one. And it's just picture of three pedophiles. Let's go. Uh, what is business simulation game? Oh, one of the first games ever. Oh, one of the That's early. No. Yeah. Lemonade Tycoon was like a browser game. It popped off. Let me look. It was like sick RPG. Oh, by the way, you know what Zipper said? Cuz they use Zipper to use for Lemonade Tycoon. Can I tell them this? You don't have to. You know what Zipper said? What? He messages me. I've barely talked to Zipper. You know, we're strictly business. Yeah, it's all business and Zipper. But when I look into his eyes, it means something. Missionary. Yeah. He said, "These [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boring, man. Lemonade stand. More like lemonade. Lay down and fall asleep." And I said, "That's my goat, dude. That's crazy." Here, I'll give some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] presentation on Ezra Klein's butthole factory or something. That's really Yeah. Ezra Klein's butthole factory. Oh, man. Ezra Klein talks about how we need an abundance of butthole factories. So, we need to tariff Chinese buttholes. So, we're expuning our American buttholes first. This is the thing about the tariffs. They apply to everything. I forgot about the tariffs. What a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] miserable planet. Listen, it's appreciation day. I told you guys in the group chat, appreciation day. Appreciation day. What does that mean? I don't think you told us that. How do I How do I express myself to you? We go around, we say what we appreciate with each other, and we take out our appreciation wipes, which I have. So, bring out yours. What are those? The appreciation wipes. Uh, you have multiple. So, can I borrow one for you? Well, there's three for one of each of you. So, I don't have to bring one. No, it's I use them on you guys. You used the three appreciate I This is insane cuz I wrote a whole thing. Did you? What are you looking for? My appreciation wipes. See, someone cares. I guess I Well, I brought this. This was the other option. This say you could also bring appreciation appreciation. No, your wipes are $20 bills. Oh, how down to earth you are. You'll appreciate them. Oh, I like those. Sweet. That's so sweet. We could probably split this into three pieces. Appreciation beef Wellington lunch. So, I guess I'll start [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. I appreciate how Aiden dresses like he Oh, you already want to insult them. You're so close to you. Almost did. That was a really bad start. See, this is why appreciation day is a good strategy. And you have to eat the wipe when you mess up. That's the rule. I appreciate how Aiden is really good at uh responding to me when I talk to him, even if it's stupid. Which feels like it's an anti-appreciation of me given the context of what he said earlier. See, you see how he's saying that? I feel like he's Well, let's let's focus on, you know, the good things that I do for him that you coincidentally happen to not do, right? Okay. So, Rich, I'm gonna take that one in a vacuum. It's in a vacuum. Do I go? Uh, I appreciate Wipe. Uh, I appreciate how your fits are so immaculate all the time. Every fit is like an adventure. It's like a It's like a Halloween bag full of random candy, right? But it's candy. Thank you for me. Okay. Yeah, my fits are getting better. Not today. I Well, you changed out your black AF1s for those. Both are equally tough. Ah, Nick, right? The appreciation. Sure. You You got one for me for sure. Train keeps on rolling. Actually, yesterday or I was listening to the episode we just did like four days ago cuz Lewick's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chunk of schedule. It was uh when he talked about having two Uzies and just shooting everyone in the Apple store. That was very funny. There's a genuine lie. I felt genuine. Mine was the only actual insult. Just to be clear. What are you talking about? That was a comment. That was a comment. You just said my feet are immaculate with a face that you not believe they are. You just looked like Jeff Ross when you're saying it. You said they were very random. He's the roast master. Oh, I thought it was um David Schwimmer. Wait, he said they're a visual adventure. That seems nice. It's true. They How do the wipes play? Yeah. When do you wipe? Uh the wipes are for me. Oh, I'll put the money away, though. We were supposed to bring our own wipes. Yes, I told. I told you. I was in the group chat. I was in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] group chat. Well, okay. You the wipes are for you. So, how do you how are you going to use them now that you brought them? I actually can't use these as a joke cuz I need to clean my monitor cuz they're gross. Yep. Well, let me appreciate it was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lie. You made it up. Here you go. You made it. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pulled me right. So, why don't we hear what you appreciate about each of us? Let me start with slime. Are you sitting? I am. I appreciate how you're the only person in this world who's ever talked about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me so thoroughly and filling me up. And sometimes sometimes it's what you need to hear. It's what I need to hear. It's funny cuz I'm probably not. There's probably like a bunch of fans that do this amongst themselves. Oh yeah. Yeah. I guess you say it to my face though, right? Sure. You said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've never heard before. Yeah. I've learned terms from you. Oh jeez. Yeah. You know, I said I'd fill you out like an application. That's the the part of the things that I'm talking about in this moment. Cutie's never said this. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Would you prefer if she did? What would cutie fill you with? She's been taking a lot of slimes vernacular. Oh, cuz you've been using Chungus a lot. So, she pulled Chungus from you. Great. Good. So, she keeps going, "Fuck my Chungus life." Yes. And Yeah. Not not never that though. She's never talked about filling me up or out, but I guess she wouldn't. Not like That's what I'm saying. Like a vessel for her. I guess. Yeah. Would she just She I guess she could do it with like cake stuff. Yeah. She's not as crafty. She loves talking about piping. I always like that joke. Real. She loves piping. She does. Well, don't say it like that. What? Kitty loves piping. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You're getting a little pipe with anybody. You're getting excited on camera. She pipes on camera. She pipes within the kitchen. I don't know where this is going. I don't know. This is going to continue more. While we all live there, we'd be out in the kitchen. We watch her pipe. It's crazy. It was crazy. And you were never around. Okay. And that's where I'm at. And that's where the we found the line. It was It was a fun exercise that we all particked in. That's cool. That's great. It was good times. Good times. We going You going forward? Uh Nick, I appreciate you um and your love of music playlists. Aiden, brutal. Wow. It felt God, it felt like he might as well just punch you in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head. It feels like I asked a girl. She wanted to be my study partner and she was like, I don't study. No is the worst thing I can say. I don't know books. I don't book. Nope. Just fresh out. Fresh out of study. The Japan trip really got to my vocabulary cuz on set so many times I kept saying, "I'm going to kill myself with a gun then." And you just can't say that when you're miked up and they hear you. Especially at the gamer hood. Especially at the gamer hood cuz what happened last year? That's right. Yep. Yeah. One [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nick A30 blew his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Yeah, he's just a droid now walking the earth. He lost a one v one. He lost his birthday the other day. He just had it shaking in his mouth. Dude, that guy's birthday post was so wholesome. What was it? Huge cake. His mom made him a cake. Oh, that's nice. I did. I heard that. His mom piped like his birthday. It was so wholesome. Huge cake. She piped right in front of him. She did for his birthday. You put his mom's huge cake on Instagram. Come on. I will not stand for that. That guy is too old for That's too far. Have you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talked to that guy? Hey, I have for some. I was in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing with him. I didn't even know he was the gamer hood. That guy was in Ninja Battles. That's right. Back in the war room with me. That guy? Really? Yeah. He played in ninja battles. He also got so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] online for continually saying that Speed faked jumping over his car. No way. It was funny. He went through the video frame by frame. You've seen the video of Speed jumping his car, right? He goes through the video frame by frame. He's like, "Guys, obviously it's not real. It's masking. It's a video technique called masking." And then he goes through frame by frame. You just see SPE's reflection on the car and he's like, "It's pretty good. It's pretty good." But it is masking. That's hater [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz he did that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's see another example. And he pulls up the planes entering the Twin Towers. Video composite. This was hard to do back then. None of this happened. Just to be clear, I I What's that documentary called about how the planes just straight up never hit the towers? Do you guys ever see that? Zekeist. Yeah, I watched that when I was in high school and I was just like, mhm, I believe that 100%. My English teacher who loved quoting Borat told me to watch it, dude. And he would later on have a a dubious relationship with one of the students freshly after she graduated. Is this all true? Dubious like he got caught in in in dubious like everyone knew and no one acted. I'm realizing now I don't really know how to use the word dubious. What happened was I think it's suspect. Sus. No, I thought dubious. I know dubious from the like chess way to use it which is like uh dubious when you take a piece it's almost like complex or I have the degree if you guys want me to help please as opposed to the other it means very much complication very much with the subject hand what there's a better word than complicated no zipper can you google dubious for us yeah can you look up that word hesitating or doubting Not to be reliable, I suspect. Okay, this is your first good job. Very dubious. Can you look up dubious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] See what comes up? Yeah. Yeah. What? Dubious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Go images. Oh, dubious porn. Porn videos. Yeah, just click the first one. I'll just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Who cares? Turn safe. No, that's not what I thought at all. It's just porn. It's just regular porn. What did I think there? It was a It was a It was a toy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What else was missing the body? He was only the scream. It was like you could if you removed all the edge but it still had the inside. There was a very wet scream, bro. Uh so yeah, he it was the penis. She graduated and then immediately they like hooked up and he's a teacher and you got to wonder what happened during the school that so quickly they got to the sex. It was zeitgeist. Maybe something in the video. Maybe she got like really high grades and he's a teacher. So he's like, "Oh, you're so smart." You're the smartest. Now that you graduated, I wanted to say I was always attracted by your scores. You have you have a beautiful mind. The day I became the day I became a teacher, I said my smartest student, I'll have sex with them and it's you. Congratulations. You are 1 millionth visitor to my website. Purely it's purely merit-based. What GPA do you guys have in high school? Real quick 1.6. What? You counter strike? You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. I got I got I got homie to graduate from my math teacher. He order for sure. One, two, three, four, right? What I say again? Like one, two, three, four. So Aiden, Nick, me, slime in terms of GPA, highest, lowest. Maybe, maybe, may he's last. Unless you go unless someone's got lower than 1.6. You could put four, five, six. He'd still be seven. You know what I'm saying? Like are we going peak? Are we going lowest? I think lowest is the best. We're going like at what your GPA is? What do you GPA every year? I don't know. My guess when you graduate with 4.0, isn't that just your senior year? No, no, no. It's your whole high school GPA. You're smoking ball. He's right. What? No, it's your whole high school GPA. You have a cumulative GPA and then you have like a like a The cumulative is the one that matters. I guess I have to guess that one. My senior year is one. How do you know specific years but not the cumulative? I remember what it felt like to get the lowest one I'd ever had, but I don't remember. Do you know your lowest and highest? I know my lowest. You don't even know your highest. I think I might know my highest. So then average them. Okay, got it. Uh mine's 29. Oh. Uh, I went to Arizona State. What do you think happened here? I went to Arizona State. Uh, mine was 397. Oh my god. What? That's what happens when your mom doesn't let you watch the Simpsons and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I had a 33. Look at you guys. When did When did you lose your virginity? Mar Bears. Cheated to be honest. When I was eight the 18. like the summer like the month after high school ended. So you weren't enrolled in high school? I was not enrolled in high school when I lost my virginity. You did not have time for girls. You lose your virginity in high school. I was nervous about I was nervous about sex. I was not I had some opportunities and I was like I don't know if I'm ready. Yeah. Can I tell you about like the first 20 times I tried having sex? Uh yeah. Like the the the jar of peanut butter fell couldn't get it to inflate. Yeah. I just had a small hole. I couldn't find a leak. It's an awesome laugh. A movie you like. I kept trying to jerk off before doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz you want to last longer. Yeah. But then when I But when I showed up, I couldn't perform. So you're Could you even get it? So you got bad refere. You got bad refract to this day. I think it was a refract and then a nerve situation. But I was so nervous. Refract is affected by nerves. Busting phenomenally quick. There's a lot of a lot of stuff media like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with our minds about. You know what I And I was like, I'll just jerk off right before. And then I get there and then it's just like, I can't do it. And it happened 10 times. That's crazy. Wait, you couldn't do it? Oh, sorry. You couldn't do the sex. I couldn't do the sex. You couldn't beat off. He had to He had to get That part was easy every time. Have you ever Have you ever beat off and then and like it just you didn't bust and you were just like, "Huh, guess I don't got it today." Sometimes. One time. I did it 24 times. Well, you remember it one time. Yeah. Cuz it only happened once and I was like, "That's crazy." Sometimes you're just like, "Yeah, you know what? Do you know?" cuz it was the one day I pushed it too far. I was like, "Okay, I found out I can't beat off this many times in a day." That was mine, dude. When I was in high school, I would get delayed morning wood and I'd always get it on the car ride to school every day. And and then I started car pooling with a friend who had a car and I didn't. And I never told him that I always had a boner. Just turn the music. I shut the bonus, start up tucking before I got in, knowing it's going to eventually be hard. You were the same. Putting your soft penis in your belt like and like being like this with my hoodie on. Yeah, it would be weirder if you said it. No. Do I say it? Yeah, it'd be weird. Be like, I'm hard right now. Of course it be weird. Yeah, that's why I didn't do it. I'm hard right now. Keep switching cold. It's like every day it's like he's like boner today and you're like boner today. We We had such a beautiful morning routine. It's like the Tik Tok. It's like, is it a bones day? Is it a boner day? I've had issues and I want to tell you guys about them now. Okay. Is it Is it ointment related again or No. No ointments necessary. Neither neither an overuse or an underuse of ointments. In fact, I mean, it's definitely not an overuse. The the ointments are fine. Every night for the past seven years, I've had a night terror. Okay. Every night. All right. Next QC. Could it possibly be related to you sleeping on the floor? No, you're I'm not finished. And you're being a jerk. Okay. Basically, it's a night terror where every night I I have this imagined situation where I see Aiden on this edge of a cliff. Yeah. And I take his he's he's kneeling down and I come up behind him and I put my my hand on the top of his head and then the other hand on the bottom of his chin and I rip his head off his body and I'm screaming and I'm screaming. I'm screaming. It's a night terror for you. It was the first time I met you. I started having it. That's right, Slime. Helix sleep mattresses offer 20 unique mattresses. And that's part of I feel like what you were saying. Which one of the 20 unique mattresses do you think gets rid of that night? I would love to know. What do you think? You're the Helix sleep guy. You sleep. I I I use it at home and I I do like mine. I I want to say this is part of this is Slime sleeping on the floor every single night of his adult life and child life. I'm going to share one of my sleeping problems. I get really hot when I sleep and I I feel too warm. hot in my night, which I feel like is more normal, but I'm seeing that they have memory foam and cooling features, which in my bed ever. I'm never too hot. I'm the perfect temperature. So, you have night terrors where you're screaming and screaming there's blood and you also stay pretty cool. I sleep in like a baby. Okay. So, I'm tired of this problem that I have. Okay. Do you think Helixleep can solve this for me? Not only that, but if you go to helixleep.com/theyard, which is our link conveniently enough, you can get 20% off sitewide. That sounds good. And you can take an awesome sleep quiz and you can they can tell you what kind of mattress you need. I took my quiz and it was and it worked. I was like, "Oh, this mattress is great." I do like, you know, actually, real anecdote, I went in person to try them out in person and the one my sleep quiz chose actually was the one in person I blindly chose as my favorite, which was kind of crazy. I think I said it once before, but I was like kind of mind-b blown by that. Oh, stop. Stop. Helix helixleep. helixleep.com/theyard for 20% off sitewide. Bye now. God, I think I told it before. Yeah, I would get on the bus in the morning and I still had to take the bus cuz my friend didn't My friend was charging me to my friend Eric, my best friend, he's like, "Dude, I don't want to keep picking you up. If you want to ride to school, it's $5. Gas money, bitch." And I'm like, "No." So, I would take the bus cuz I don't have a car. And I was a senior taking the bus, which was pretty beat. And uh I would get on. There was this girl, Sam, who also took the bus. She was a junior. And I would get a boner. No, she was beautiful. I had a huge crush on her and I had a boner every day and it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucked. Were you getting the boner because you would see her and she was so boner because of the bus. He just walks in, sees her boner because of the bus. And it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying because every time I have to awkwardly walk off the bus with this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wood and I was scared every day that she would see my boner. Someone should invent underwear for this. Boner underwear? Yes. Like boner killing underwear? Boner killing or boner hiding? It releases like a small gas. Chassis belt. Chassis belt. They got under deflates. I'm not saying like to not have sex. I'm just saying to hide boners more effectively. It's like chassis belts are made out of you can get one made out of metal, you know, and that kind of handles the job. I guess if it was pushed into giant metal, it would it would just stop. You have a boner steel. I had a theory. I came up with a theory today and I think this is a good theory. All penis and vaginas, right? We're familiar with these concepts. I've heard at least know the first. I want to get rid of all parts and little labels and little things. You want You want Barbie mode. Everything. No, no, no. Everything. There's no penis. There's no shaft. There's no balls. It's all penis. Everything's the penis. Okay. For vagina, there's no Hold on. There's no shaft. There's no balls. It's all penis. He wants to get rid of the specific label. No, it's all of it penis. So, he doesn't want your urethra or or So, if I get kicked in the balls, I would now say I've been kicked in the penis. You've been kicked in in the two penises? Yes. Your penis. to the penis cuz it's all penis. Wait, so we all have the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but we just call it the penis. It's all the penis. It's really a labeling. Do women have no women? Great question. Dubious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So there's no rapia. There's no like whatever else. There's no like, you know, Claxon or Lego house. We vagina. We get rid of the gynecologist of this scenario. No, they're like evil. They have to read up about penis. They're evil beings. The gynecologist is fine. It's just called vagina. There's nothing else. I thought getting rid of vagina and doing all penis. No, that it's for penises and vaginas. I was so I don't want to get I was so on board with all Can I update Can I update 2.0 of this idea? I think I think the vagina should become penis as well. So they they have penis. They have penis and we have penis because you're gay. This is all based on consolidation. Like you're saying let's make it simple and I and we're saying why not make it simpler? Why not drop the vagina? Because guys, then having sex would be gay. Well, I'm not ready to do that. You can just You can do the Japanese way. I'm not ready for it. Being gay? Not yet. You can do the Japanese way and just have penis. Penis, but you say one the different way. So, it' be like penis and then penis. Wait, what are you talking about? Intonations. Yes. What does it how does that work in Japanese? Like pitch accent in Japanese. Like for example, in Japanese there's the word co. And so if you say toyo, that means toyo lake. What if you say toyo co spelling? You said the same thing twice. That means toyo coast. Must be a coastline. Wow. I don't like that. Too ethnic. Me. Me when you're eating taheen. When there's a speck of red on one cantaloupe slice. Don't like that. Oh, I have a development I want to talk about. You know how Aiden hates wants to like take one of like a dog owner in the coffee shop? Yeah. Um I've been I've been slowly transitioning to Aiden's side, but not because I have malice towards the dog. I hate the owner. Oh, it's always the owner's fault. No, no, no, no. You hate the dog. You hate the dog. You hate the dog. You think the dog shouldn't be there. I want the dog to be here and I want the owner to leave. Interesting. Okay. explain the interaction you had because I feel like the the I saw a lady yesterday at a restaurant I go to and she had a device that like like gives her dog water and you know how dogs drink water. They lap that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. It goes it dribbles down their chin and goes all the way all all over the the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] floor. Sloppy beast. She's feeding the dog water in the middle of the restaurant. Yeah. And I'm like this is not the dog's fault. The dog is just going to do whatever the owner feeds. But this but this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] owner, right? this owner just just saying, "Yeah, I'm going to do something like this in the with everyone in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way and I don't give a fuck." Yeah. It's kind of like it's just dropping all this gear in the middle of the floor and being like, "This is Oh, it's your zone now in the restaurant." And everyone goes around you now. That is bad. And I And I'm pissed off. And sometimes they're just wearing long socks and a headband. What? And I'm like, "You're not running." What if someone's in the same position, but they bend down and tie their shoe? Uh, what? I guess I I I see what you're saying. They're becoming an obstacle to the room. I would in my head I'd probably silently think what an annoying place to do that. They take seven minutes to do it. Oh yeah, that's an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's too much. But also I'm like by minute three I'm like would you like some help? They say no. I want to learn the bunny ears cuz I've been using Crocs all my life and I want to do it. I say oh no problem. Recently I started hating Crocs cuz I was sponsored by them. They unsigned me and I want to kill Crocs. Yeah. Okay. I want to kill John Croc. So I'm learning how to tie shoe. You're asking what I do. Yeah. I'm the guy. Yeah. Okay. I'd say, "Oh, no problem, sir." I'd walk by you and then I'd turn back around. I'd silence step and you wouldn't hear me coming. I don't want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill him. I'd grab you from behind. I'd start choking you. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. I whispered in your ear, "It's over. Don't worry. It's over." And then eventually you would die. That guy you killed was Lewig. No. Lewig who? That's like Lewig. Aren, you got dropped by Crocs. Yeah. You know this. I don't know this. Oh, Crocs shot me. Why? Because Well, it's cuz of what you had been saying on stream. Yeah, it was when I said I voted Kamla. They must have done something bad. What did Crocs do to you? They dropped me. Was it because of the bleak week? It's cuz Kelby can't juggle his, you know, all the clients at his job very well because of you. Because of his red neck. Me. I'm the reason. His neck's too red. Yeah, right. I didn't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, they just they dropped because of budget and marketing. Maybe they maybe it was DEI. Oh, dude. When Trump removed DEI, they got rid of me cuz I'm Latin X. They finally cracked down. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You were co. You know what? And you have been coasting too long on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Curse the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Trump administration. And my Robin Hood account looks ugly. Everyone's in the red. guys like me who don't really understand. I guess I do understand the stock market. I just don't It's I'm too lazy to touch it. I've kind of I've kind of won. I kind of I've been checking this stock market competition we're in. Oh yeah. How bad is it? Can you go to Doug Doug? So we started at $10,000 each, right? Doug Doug. It's doug.com/socks. I'm down I think almost a grand and I'm in second out of the five of us. Wow. Is first place up or no? No way. Right. So, this is the competition. Yeah. Atriarch is the only one. Five people put in 10K. Three people are down $1,000. Aiden's down 500. Atriarch's up 500. I love to see stands in the I would be doing so much better. So, I'm down 1,200. Uh, can you scroll down to mine? I'm down 1,200 and 755 of it is Trumpcoin. Dude, Lwig's portfolio is so funny. It's like a child's perception of the world. I got Kroger and Nintendo and video games. Yeah. And Apple. Yeah, they're all doing great. Amazon. So, the only thing that's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me right now is Trump coin. I lost $775. Nintendo a good pick though. That was a great pick. What's up with Look at Stan Loheed Martin Exon Mobile. Yeah, dude. He's one of the guys most terrorist groups. Reddit. Reddit. TSMC's is a good pig. Wow. I just like I just like I just know about them. What about like a Loheed Martin Lunchable or Lunchley? Loheed Loheed Martin dildo and it has rocket jet fueled powers to thrust in you. Loheed Martin rocket money collab. Rockets are the dildos of war. Rockets are the dildos of war. Nope. I think that's right. They're dildo shaped. That's right. But they're not They don't serve They're not pleasuring each side. They pleasure the side that fires them. No, but is that That's not how dildos work. I'd argue they're primarily for the pleasure of the receiver. Well, I guess the side that fires them is the company that makes the dildo. I fold. I fold. Can I Can I ask you guys a question? I saw his video and it got me curious. We each have the full day to scour LA. Who's the most famous person you think you find? The most famous person I should find. The other day I saw Kristen Stewart and uh who else I said? I think I told you guys. Yeah, you told us. Someone else. Kristen Stewart and uh I forget Peele. No. Yes. Jordan Peele. Uh Jordan Peele on the same day. Okay. And that was no effort. And that was no effort. And that was no effort. That was just I went restaurant. Huh? Peak effort. Peak effort. Who's the most famous? Mhm. It's got to be an actor. How close can you get to do you have to get to them to have seen them? I think you have to get a pick with them. Yeah. Can I get a picture? You can't like fly a drone above the house of Jeff Bezos and spot him. We see Jack Black a lot. Yeah, we could see him. He's in the Minecraft movie, but he's he's low. Well, he's an A-list actor. He was in the Minecraft movie. I think he's low. Yeah, I said what I said. You think he's low on the list of Should I say it again? Do you think Bowser's low? I'm shocked. Bowser is high. Who else do you think was higher than Jack Black? Who were like the in your head who were like the Do you think Sorry. Do you think LA tier celebrities? You're right. Uh Leo. Brad Pitt. Leo lives here. I think so. No, Leo doesn't live here. They're too hard to say. Brad does. I would I feel like I couldn't see them. I would dangle a 25-year-old woman off a fishing pole in the pier. Yeah. And he pop his head out of an air wand. LeBron got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Marlin. Yeah. Basketball players. Yeah, LeBron, he's famous. Show it'd be tough. Show can't even go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He can't even go to the damn 7-Eleven. Yeah. Jack Black is more famous than Show Otani. No. Stop. Stop. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. On your mama. Do you believe that? On my mama. No way. That's crazy. She's so nice. She's so nice. You just killed her. You killed her dead. God, he did not mean what he said, bro. He was not your Libre. Show hit a ball. So wait, hit a ball far. Yeah, right. Who? Because you didn't go to Japan this last Jack Black's been famous for like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like 20 years. Longer. The longer you're famous, the lower the less famous you are. Nope. That's dumb. No, I think Jack has done a good job at staying relevant though because like Elvis has been famous for like 80 years, but he is less famous. More famous than Show Otani is more famous than your argument. Elvis, you've been debated. I'm saying Elvis is less famous now than he was, but he's still more famous in show like 30 years ago and your your example was specifically Elvis's case. I think Jason the Wii does not know who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Elvis Presley is. You don't mean that. Call up Jason. You know this is wrong. Like like Jason know this is wrong. He ain't cutie, bro. She's not picking up or he's not picking up. I have to ask question that it's not Do you know who Elvis Presley is? Why? Because that's just like that's exactly what the question is though. No, I think this is fair because he'll just say yes, right? Because it's like he'll he'll have heard the name before. Yeah. So, you have to say who sang this song and we got to pick the most famous Elvis song. Yeah. That's not I don't think you have to do an impression. You have to do an impression. Will he recognize an Elvis song? Yeah, I'll try that. I'll say, "Do you know who I'm Do you know who this is?" No, I'll say Johnny Bravo. And I can also give him a song. I'll also give him a song. You got both. Is he streaming? Cuz that's cheating, too. Here's the compromise. If he doesn't know the first song, you have to do another. What? What's a Elvis song? Ain't Nothing But a Hound Dog. Ain't Nothing But a Hound Dog and Blue Christmas, right? We'll do the Spotify top two stuff. Let me see. Spotify top two. I talked to this guy. Really? He doesn't know where Aruba is. That says [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in this. He's live. Deal House Rock. Hello. Yo, what up, man? How you doing? I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you no more. I'm sorry. What? I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you no more. You're white. I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you. Cuz I'm what? Cuz you're white. Yeah, I'm What do you I'm barely white. No. No. You're definitely white. I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you cuz I'm I'm selling out to you. I'm Latin X. Am I chill? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, you're cool. What's up, though? I just had a question. Do you know uh do you know that old singer, the guy who Wait, I'm live. Oh yeah, it's fine. It's fine. I just was just wondering if you that old the name of that old singer is like ain't nothing but a hound. That guy like, "Hey, Momo." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Who's that? Uh I don't know, but I would walk in the Cracker Barrel and that song would be playing. Don't call me that. Elvis. Elvis. Don't call me that. Let's go. We got it there. Did you rehat be real? Yeah, I did. No way. All right. See you, man. See you, man. No way. This is cool, man. I give that dub to Lwig. He read chat. He did not know. He literally was like, "Uh, yeah, I've heard it. I think like and then he read chat." And so like what I'm saying is like, yeah, you're right that he knows of Elvis, but like that's what I mean. But like we're at the This is the same debate as Trump versus the Pope. And but what I'm saying is similar. I'm saying Jason's kids will not know Elvis Presley. They probably will. No, they won't because I think there's certain artists that in within the conversational zeitgeist are still known, right? Like Michael Jackson will probably be very famous for a long time. Yeah, but Jackson is a different level. Jackson's a different above Elvis. Yeah. But I think Elvis is similar. Like there's just certain Elvis music blows now. Uh I mean I'm not a big fan. It just sucks. Elvis got a couple fine. Yeah, sure. But most of his music blows, dude. Elvis is like the white show Otani. Think about Yeah. Think about it. I'm thinking about it and I want you to share your thoughts. Can I the counter? Can I the counter? Can I explain what I think, please? He He stole from another people's culture and did it and did it the most famously and did it the most famously. Okay. But Okay. So, deal. Do you think Elvis did it the best? No, I don't. So, show did it. That's the difference. That You know what's funny is I was I was gonna say, but I didn't believe that Elvis did it the best. Show did the best. So, I would call Elvis the Luca Dawn Chitch of Music. He's fat. Yeah. Yep. Good as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and fat. All right. We're not having Luca on the show. Shout out my boy Luka real make a wish game, bro. He's not this on the show. I'm fat, too. Love it for a second time. Your hair is coming back in. Yeah. Wow. You beat it. You beat it. Two Europeans who love a little bit of nicotine and getting a little thick. That's what we are. Oh, Cheeseburger Donich. I can't believe he didn't know Elvis. How old is he? He's 20. Oh, right. And so what I'm saying is like he knows of Elvis. His kids won't know Elvis at all. At all. No, that's bold. Unless it like comes up, but why would it come up? You know, the the core of it, but in the same way that we learned about Elvis, the core argument we had about Trump and the Pope was what is fame? Is it knowing of having heard of something or like really knowing a certain threshold about that person? Yeah, I think we have to define that in this conversation like we did in that one. Uh, celebrities that live in Los Oh, perfect. Johnny Depp. Uh, Miley Cyrus Drake. This is just wrong. This is wrong, right? Yeah, for sure. It's like incredibly wrong. Well, it's I think it's just it's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] article to spam clicks probably. By the way, guys, that's crazy. There's no way. Wait, that's crazy. Did you inspect ele? Dude, there is No, he did that. You did? That's I knew. I knew instantly. I fell for it. We were popping off. Zipper pulled up an article of celebrities that live in LA and it's like Steven Spielberg, Ellen Degenerous, Taylor Swift, and then number 20 was Lwig. Oh my god. So bad, dude. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That is You're a little prankster. A little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Clean zipper. You dropped some freaking lols over here. I forgot what I was going to say now. I'm so happy. Gagged. Awesome celebrity. We were talking about the most famous person we could run into if we tried really hard. Yeah. And I I could confidently say I could run into Jack Black. Jack Black was also mine. If we're scouring everywhere, you get a whole day to scour. Yeah. Is Adam Sandler more? Is Jack Black bigger than Playboy Cardi? Is Jack Black You can run into Cardi. No, I think I think I think I think play cardi would be considered cuz I think what you would do is you wouldn't look you look at Google trends now and Jack Black's just low. I don't have to tell you though right now it's probably high. Adam Sandler doesn't live here. Adam Sandler does play basketball. He's east cos basketball in LA all the time. Boston. No, he lives east coast. He lives east coast. I don't know this much. He just goes to a court that my friend goes to pretty often. He's probably filming here. Your 10-year-old friend's a liar. Okay. Playboy Cardi. Jack Black and the the winner is Wait, which one's which? Jack Black. Wow. Way more. No. Oh, but the historically too, right? This ain't the right Playboy Cardi. You go. Wait, how do you spell it? How do you spell Who is the other Playboy Cardi? Cuz it's got to be the You got to click American rapper. Yeah. And then Jack Black, you got to click uh Yeah. Yeah. Topic. Topic or American actor and comedian is fine as well. Yeah, American actor. Okay. Well, had that drop. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? That's probably the Minecraft movie. Or maybe when he got cancelled. No. Yeah, it was when he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he turned his back on Kyle Gas Cage. That's probably what it was. He turned his back on Rage Cage. That was when Jablinsky Games came out. I don't Jackpack's a bad answer. I'm forgetting LA celebrities now, dude. I think I just couldn't confidently find anybody else, you know? Like I don't I feel like there's a tier of like the Where would you Where would you here? Where would you go? airport instantly. No. Frame one. I found out some secret [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the airport, but the most famous people Well, you would go to the van. The most famous people are flying private though. No, no. You know what they're doing? Cuz private's expensive in a way that like some people do it for sure, but like it's kind of a waste of money. So, a lot of famous actors are they go to this place in LAX called like Sweets, maybe LAX suites, something like that. It's a terminal. It's a secret terminal with a secret security that you can pay an annual membership to get in. What? Yeah. It's like it's like5 to $10,000 a year and only these people who are allowed to go through this terminal and they like get you a car. Uh do you do this in and out? No, I just found out about this. You just got let in the club. What if we made an airport? Whoa. Is that something? And we trapped them. Yard Port the the yard airlines. Dude, if we made an airport, would we be allowed to like airport bomb jokes allowed? Yeah, that's No, isn't that kind of what private airports like that when you fly on like JSX and you don't go through security, you can probably make a bomb joke at the JSX? You know, it's it's up to the pilot. I don't think you can. I feel like it's an FAA thing maybe or a TSA thing. There are agencies, oppressive ones, that stop our freedoms right at the gate. I have a question. I have a question. Don't lock me up for saying this. If you go to the Amtrak station and you make a joke about a bomb, do they get as huffy as they would at an airport? Not even close. No, they they're just happy that you Amtrak is just chill that you're like, "Ah, at least you're riding." They say they say, "If you're going to have a bomb, please store it above. Please sit in the bomb area." Also, you can you can we have sleeper cars for only $50 a night. Like, I don't know, dude. I watched the the movie Just Married with Ashton Kutcher and Britney Murphy, rest in peace, pretty sure, with my dad on a train and he was bitching the whole time. He couldn't hear anything. It was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] miserable. Every every four minutes I can't hear anything. It's like, dude, who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares? They're not going to change it. They haven't changed it. They're not going to change it for you. I was so Dude, what an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Here's the thing. I do this. Huh? I do I realize I do this like when I be on when I'm an old person people are going to feel about me the way you feel about this interaction cuz I just say what I'm feeling in the moment and I say it every five minutes. What's this? It's just married. Oh, I did already say it. Number 15. I I I think I think this is our most returned to episode yet. Yeah. Yeah. It's the call back secret. Welcome to the clip show episode. I also realized I make a lot of noises. Yeah, when you eat. Yeah. Duh. What? Like more than most people. No, I mean like like noises when I That's how you sound when you ate when you ate that plastic earlier. Don't be a little disrespectful. Why? The way you sound like you're weeping sex. I don't sound like You're so happy to be eating. Yeah, I am. I don't sound like a hurt dog. You're making the noise of a hit dog. You're making the noise that dogs make when they're around you. That's how you sound, bro. I make noises when I get up and sit down. Yeah. Yeah. Like old person noises. Yeah, that's good. Those are good. Like dad grunts. Like 80-year-old getting out of a chair making a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] car engine sound noise. Like, can you make what's like a French version of that of that sound? Uh, of like what? Getting up getting out of the chair. What do they French? They go they go they [Music] go down a hill. They're taking poison damage in Frank. Yeah, they have no food bars in Minecraft. I want to make a business. I want to make an I want to start something. Can we start a business? The airport is I the TSA pre-check yard Patreon sub. Oh, dude. We get the most normie people being like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are they talking about? Why are these two gay men naked in a bath? The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you tier comes with global entry. Yeah. And if you get on the plane, inflight entertainment, the whole backlog, honestly, podcasts are great for planes. We make plane content. Dude, this is my one of my dreams is I want to get the yard on Delta Airlines. That'd be tough. I want I want to be able to market. I'll I'll put the logo on our logo. That's doable. I want to do it. That they have podcasts. I know. Yeah, we can get there. Oh, for real? It's like caller. Do you think we got to like license like our whole bloodline and like our kids? And I think if you gave it for a low we be killed in like like if we said something bad about Boeing. Do you think we'd get lumped in? I wonder if they would edit out our like if we get on there I'm going to say horrendous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This plan's going down. Yeah. Yeah. The guy in front of you has a bomb. It's like we're doing a normal a normal podcast and then we're like, "Hey, it's the voice. He's telling you to go to the cockpit." You know what we do? Okay. This turbulence is not normal. This turbulence is not normal. All right. We make an episode and we record a complete rebuild of like an in-flight message. It makes the and then it's like it's pausing your your show you're watching and it's like, "Excuse me, passengers, the plane is going down. Please brace for impact." We don't tell Delta. We get we get it uploaded and eventually someone listens to We get like a stewardist to do the voiceover for that. Then we see on the news that a local freakout due to yard podcast. Yeah. guy. Well, he the guy thinks that he's going to be going down, so he starts beating off. Yeah. He starts beating off. It's the last thing you do. It's not a bad It's not the worst last thing you could do. No. If you're in a plane going down and physics don't matter, like you can accomplish whatever you'd like. What are you trying to get done? Here's the issue. Here's the beating off. There's actually only one. I thought about it. The only issue beating off as a plane's going down is if it doesn't crash. And the zero. There's a whole Mrats like scene about this. And what would happen uh as as described in the scene is the plane writes itself, right? Everything goes back to normal. Everyone just puts all their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] away. No one says anything about it. That's what would happen. What if you b It's fine. Clean it up. But it's like it's as if nothing happened cuz that's the kind of social fabric we need to for society to work. I think I'd like I wouldn't have service, right? I might have Wi-Fi. I'm on a It's a long flight. I'm probably depends how low you are. I wouldn't turn off airplane mode. You're not supposed to. They Mythbusters. I already beat that one. So, did they? Yeah. Big time. I've been watching Mythbusters on shorts. Some of them were dumb as hell. It was like you can the myth they were like they propagated was apparently there's this myth that you can swim faster in syrup than you can in regular water. And I'm like no one's ever said that. There's no way that I No one's ever I know. I was like, "No one's ever said this ever." And then they made a pool full of syrup and a pool full of water. Swim faster. The syrup was slower. They put that batty in there in a swimsuit. Huh. It was It was just a goon episode. It was Adam who swam. And then who was other? Who's big boy? Jamie. Jamie swam, but he swam so slow that he didn't do the syrup one. They're like, "He'll just die. This man will sink." He's not a good swimmer. Speaking of syrup on the balls. Did you know they were friends? I guess. Did you know it? Did you know Will Smith, bro? Longer. It's out. Did you do you know the four people in the yard podcast never talk when the podcast isn't recording? Imagine that'd be a fun rumor to start. Uh I I found out unfortunately that I have small balls. We brought this up. Yeah, we brought this up in the episode. Yes. I'm sorry. I thought we didn't talk about this is the right episode to do that. I sometimes I forget about Let's talk about your tiny balls. No one Have you Have you um When did we talk about Show me again? That was the post. Was it post episode? Oh, yeah. It was It was the It was the Primo. Thank you. No, no, it was It wasn't even in the Primo. It was post episode. Thank you, Zipper. You weren't here, dude. Real life and podcast are just starting to blend together. Apparently, I have small balls and you guys didn't tell me anything about it. Don't do that motion. Show up. Why show? Cuz it's like fighting and you're going to punch me. Show ball. Yeah, it's like what Morpheus did. You want to see my balls? Do Do you guys want to see my balls? I don't care. I'm not voted. I saw your balls for point this way. Over an hour recently. So anyway, this theory comes because Slime has called everyone's balls big and we were all like, I don't think we have that big balls. The way you're digging in my He called He called my balls big. He called Aiden's balls big. And we think he actually just says tiny balls. That was so violent. Oh, I saw your penis. Wait, wait. Where are they? Pull them out. Shut up. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. You're doing this in the weirdest way possible. I feel like it's like you're digging them out of a cookie jar and you can't get them out. Yeah, dude. Your balls are fine, dude. They're tiny. They're tiny. They're tiny, bro. They're kind of big. I'm looking at They didn't even move. They didn't even move. Don't say anything to move. They're static. Are they glued? No, I think it's the sack that's small. I think the nuts are fine. Something small there. So, basically, you may have tight set. I was on I was streaming and I was talking about, "Yeah, balls are shaped like grapes." And everyone in chat was like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking about?" It was like in 40, like, "Yeah, tits are like bags of sand." And it was like, "No." And so I'm like, "Wait, what? Am I being gaslit?" And I'm like, "Stop the jokes, everyone. Be serious with me." And I pull up a picture of green grapes, like the fairly large green grapes, plumper, not the Japanese ones. Not the like the wamp or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ones, but like you know the ones at the store. And I'm like, "These are my balls." And everyone is like, "No, they're bigger than grapes." Balls are bigger than grapes. No, like his were bigger than grapes. Perfect. That third one. No, no. His is the third. Those are my balls. That Yeah, real. Yeah, I think you're right. That is my balls. They're a bit small. Those are my balls. The bottom middle one. Those aren't my balls. They're a bit small. Your pistachios are a little tiny. So your Aiden and Wwig's balls are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] massive. No, they're compared to that. They're not regular balls. Your balls. You're looking at mine. You're like, "Those are normal." Maybe the same balls. No, I I pulled them out on the show. I don't remember. You went and you said I remember you went their balls are huge. Really? Oh my god. This happened on the podcast, dude. I guess the smallest balls on the planet. See your friends forgetting that is funny. huge cuz when we shot the onen primo and we're we're naked and he's like uh he's like but what's it like having for pull it pull it back and I was like and I was like I did this for you already on the show memory bro I was like do you remember like the first time it was so red I think I really I think it's a sack thing what there is a there's so there's a clip of your sack looks like it's vacuum like all the air has been pulled out of it you got a suoused sack think about what you Go that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You need to pan fry it after. I need to see her. You need to see her, right? Yeah. So gross otherwise. There's a clip of me showing my balls to Lewig on stream when I made that compilation like way back and Lewig's like streaming is like a old days and he turns and he's like, "Oh, they're so droopy. Why are your balls so droopy?" And I thought he was just being cruel. Yeah. But truly call it like I seized it. You called it like you seized it. Um, so anyway guys, right into the show. If you have balls the size of grapes, I could use some support because I'm feeling like I I don't feel I just feel like you guys should have told me during the wax episode. You stared at my balls for as long as you could. We tried not to look to be clear. Oh my god. I tried to look anywhere else besides the thick gooey pieces of hairy wax coming out of your ass. It was genuinely a tough watch. Some of it was out of my ass. A lot of it. A lot of it was out of your ass. And to be fair, that was the parts I watched the most. A surprising amount was out of your shaft. Yeah. Yeah, dude. My It grows so far up. It does. It kind of pisses me off. Your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like an evergreen tree. Yeah. Like a mohawk. It's like a Douglas fur. Anyway, that's I wanted to bring that up. I want to be vulnerable, I guess. Think about these conversations. Think about how many beautiful words we use to label the different parts of this area. We want to commodify it all into penis. I see the plan. Pull out the penis. I see the plan. I don't have small balls. I have normal penis. I have normal penis. Normal penis. I have penis. You dog. Hi. You mean to misle control the language. Control the information. This is how this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. It's so hard to communicate. I want to pull out my balls but not my shaft. In that scenario, I want to pull out my I guess you could say lower penis. But then what are we doing? I want to pull out my penis but not my penis. I want to pull out some of my penis. Your balls. But then which part? I just don't know. Well, then you see it. It's context, right? What area? What's up? Would you like to see some of it? Just a vague amount of my penis. It's like a one of those like old AI nothing images. So, I was digging through my finances the last couple months and I've been making this massive payment every month. Huge payment comes out of my bank every month. I think first or second and it's like thousands of dollars. Yeah. And it's I it's my mortgage. Oh. And then I and I checked Rocket Money and it showed it to me that I pay it. Turns out I just stopped paying it. You just don't need You just don't need to pay that. And then I I also found out I had a bunch of other subscriptions like Hulu. I got rid of that. Discord Nitro. I don't even know why I'm paying for that. I got it to make my profile picture move. I don't need that anymore. Said his name was Morgan. M Morgans's he takes and he takes checks from you every month. And you found this out with Rocket Money now. And I found this out with Rocket Money and I've been saving a bunch of money. That's right, guys. The banks are out of money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. And it helps especially because some stuff you just don't need to pay. Most things you want to be saving a lot of money at a time when you might not be able to get any more money from the banks cuz they're out of money. And you as an American, you think you spend around $60 a month on subscriptions. It's actually closer to $300 most likely. In Jayen's case, thousands. It was thousands. I just I didn't I was giving it away. Someone named a man named Morgan fix it. Defeat Mortgage Freeman. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in cancelled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps features. You know what real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just like looking at it to see how much money I currently total have because it takes all the accounts and puts it in one place. That's my main use. Do you like that that part? Cuz it'll take it'll take like your credit cards, your bank account, your PayPal, and then just kind of summarize it very cleanly in one spot. I have I have two accounts. Get money, get paid. It's it actually does is not fake. I've seen it. Well, it get paid is my savings and it has two cents in it. But if you want to if you want to start using RocketMoney like us, you can go to rocketmoney.com/theyard. That's rocketmoney.com/theyard. Let's get back to the clip show episode where we keep telling the same goddamn stories till the end of time. Uh I got YouTube partner on my channel off of one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off of one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Upload off one. I mean it hits like 100k. No. Mhm. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're the real deal. I got to make an AdSense account. Adsense account. The dream to get like 70 maybe. I guess it's nice. You should get a plaque. Get to 100k subs. I'll get I'll order my plaque. You order yours. Oh, you think if we asked for more subs on the yard podcast, we'd get them. Yeah, it's our think or do you think love it? Do your best. Please, please. Are you guys good? Uh, we'd have to put in the beginning. Subscribe to win a Lamborghini. Do you Oh, is that allowed? Uh, is it allowed to lie? Yeah, why not? Okay. Subscribe to win a Lamborghini. That's right. You can win a Lamborghini. Subscribe. Actually, picture of a Lamborghini. You can win this. I won't pay for it. But don't say if or anything like that. Just they're like separate statements. You could win. You could win a Lamborghini. Subscribe to the podcast. That's legal. That's legal. Yeah. So, good luck. Uh why you want to hit a mill? I want to I want to hit a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy number. What number? What's a crazy number? Like 2 million. All right. It's a little higher than most. What's this? What? How? What's the plaque order? What's the plaque? What the plaque order? What do you It's What's the milestones? Oh, 100K, a millie, 10 mill, 50 million, 100 mill. 10. Yeah. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you? Surely a pit stop at five. No one gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about five. What? Quiet up about five. Did you tweet about five? Uh, I tweeted about every mill. Oh, no one cares, though. Okay. Twitter's different. You don't tweet out people's different I didn't know that. Oh, so it's for tweeting out things people care about. That's what the site's for. Oh, it's people things people don't care about, famously. Wow. So when I said I I don't like top of but I get top t. Dude, you talk about that tweet to me. No. Oh, you spelled dubber. That's fine. It's the plastic version. Just undeniably worse. I don't like this new soy topo chica that you put in the office. He doesn't care. I told he can use his phone as much as he wants. This counts too. He took it. How many? Oh, bro. Why? It's a penis episode. That's just not necessary. It's just so unnecessary. No, I like it cuz it means that he spends more time. I don't want to I don't want to see the pee. Then don't look over here. Would I rather drink Lewig's pee or that broth? That's a good question. Maybe Lwig's pee. I'm so Oh my god, it's brown like broth. Dude, do they not give you water at State Farm neighborhood? No. Coca-Cola only. Dude, you're going for so long. Are you going to fill the bottle? I hate when you're Dude, I hate when you pee in a bottle and you're like, I don't have enough bottle. This sucks, dude. That's what I said last time. I reload. I filled like three cups when I did this. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I have one. I have one. Chug it, Aiden. Chug it, Aiden. Go. Chug. Chug. Chug. Get all down. Get under there. Get under there. Dude, can are are you going to be able to switch? He said, I think I'm good. I think I'm good. No, I'm not. Oh, is it warm? You're closing it. Close it. Seal it now. Wait, it's actually pretty clear. Yeah, you got great paint. Dude, that's good. P. You can show that. Aiden, come show it. It might as well be too. That's really clear. You know what this feels like? It feels like It feels like the coffee you get out of the vending machines in Japan. In Japan? Yeah. It's like gay boss. Don't relax, bro. Here, let me hold it. No. No. Don't bring it near me. I don't want to make a freaking mouth. I'm not going to touch it. He doesn't like it being that close. How much went in that one? Huh? How much went in that one? Dude, that's so much piss. He wasn't lying. That's Hold on. He had a lot of piss. That is plenty. Dude, that's like 24 ounces of piss. I was telling you, usually I hold it in, but I really had a lot on me. I drink so much when I'm there. You're a hydrated man and you're a hydrated fan. I can't I want to drink this, but I keep thinking of the pee. No, his pee isn't bubbly. Imagine though. Swap it out. David Bla style. That's my urine now. Are we running out of juice? No. No. It's just the fact that we we had to pod four days apart. I can't talk about my Japan trip. It's over. It's over and it's all posted now. Yay. What's the rose bud? Rose thorns. We need a new stem or whatever. What was the stem? I like stem. Rose bud stem. Rose bud stem. It's rose stem thorn. My stem stem thorn. I think I think my rose was the Japanese people. Okay. Finish it out so strong. Guys. All right. Come on, guys. And we're back. We're unraveling at the seams. So, who do you think is more This is what happens. Who do you think is more famous? The poper. Bloodwig made us pod made us shingles. It It's crazy because when we went to trash and they potted so many episodes in a row, I'm like, "These guys got gassed for days, bro. We cannot do that. We're just We're just empty shells. We anime, but our version of it, what is our anime? Let's talk about what have you been watching?" Two documentaries. No, I don't even watch those anymore. What? Did you give up on it? I learned it all. Our our our anime is Melee. It's true. Talk about this. If we if we talked about Melee every episode be the worst podcast ever. Yeah. It'd be like any Melee podcast which which are all bad. Bad Melee was good. Melee was good. But it was because we didn't talk about Yeah. Did you guys get baited on the Nintendo Switch 2 reveal thinking it was another Smash game? No. Which one? Wait, what was the bait for the Smash? It was like Cuz I know that I know that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loves Kirby and he made Kirby. It was like Kirby falling in a black sky on the star. I thought it was a Smash reveal. Oh, I did not. Was it Kirby? It was Kirby Air Ride, which I love. That's what I would have thought. Wait, is it Kirby Air like a new Kirby Air? Kirby Air Rider. Watch Air Rider. No, I didn't sit down for an hour and watch a direct. No, dude. No, I was watching the direct in public on my phone like at like I was like eating at like a outdoor little place and I was eating and I was watching this. I never watch the direct and I get a text from Alex that says and we got switches too. And this is a place that I I me and Alex both go to so much we run into each other and I was like, "Oh, he's behind me." And I turn around and he's not there. He just sent me that when I happened to be watching the direct. I watched it like a day after. He said, "Let's go." I was just like, "Are you here?" It was so good. I was so confused. I hate when Alex is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny, bro. Cuz he he's he revels in it. He's like, "Yeah, and I bet I bet you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are are pissed I got viewers, too." And it's like, "No, I'm not pissed. to a viewer. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking about? He's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mad. I bet you so mad. He hugged me on mushrooms the other day. He's like, "I bet you didn't like when I hugged you, huh?" I'm like, "Yes, I did. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Are do you guys think that Melee 2 will or not Melee Melee HD will come?" No, they're not going to push it. I think the the actual answer is that the because the game is old and it has so many pieces of like I know Nintendo is the publisher for all those games, but there's a bunch of uh old licenses and studios that they have to make deals with to like re-release a game like that. That's a lot harder to re-release than like a a game that they own. I think if they did it, it would just play like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And also also I think it would be bad for like the scene to like re-release that game anyway. Like my I guess if it came out I think like no one would play it who who's not casual like no competitive people would play on it cuz we have it already console have embedded lag for on purpose. Yeah that would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the whole thing up. Yeah it would just be a it would just be for casual. I am excited like I I'm my little Nintendo soy cuck came out and I I got excited. I was like oh wow 120 fps and and and new Mario Kart. I can't wait to play Breath of the Wild over seven years and make 20% progress on this. I pre-ordered it. I pre-ordered it. I did. And it's only $90. Dude, do you guys want to video chat and have terrible audio quality and play Mario Kart? Dude, like a Zoom talking about that. The the camera and the microphone on the console like they have a FaceTime. Absolutely miserable. They have like a a call feature that's modeled exactly after Discord. I literally thought it was a Discord plugin that they were announcing. That's what I thought. And I was like, "Oh, it looks exactly like Discord." Weird. And then Yeah. They have a you can you can you can video call, right? Yeah. Yeah. You know, you know, and then it integrates into games. Like it gave you an example is like people playing Mario Party and then if all the Mario Party people are playing online, you have the camera. Then the face cam is like overlaid on the menu. Oh, it's a separate camera. It is green screened. Yeah, dude. Everyone's epic streamer. So you can like stream your own game that you're playing. Fay. Yeah, Fay's bad as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not going to lie about it. Chill. Faze bad. Chill. What if these names? Can a man not say Faz bad? Listen, I hate and maybe this makes me just a stupid crump, but in every Nintendo commercial, obviously, cuz it's like so like clean and crisp. No one is ever pissed that they're losing the game. And it's like that's just not the way this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. People lose in Mario Kart and they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sad and they don't talk. No, they have fun or they like everyone is so they're having a great time. Having a good time. I hate I hate how sanitized. Wait, hold on. Go back to that one guy. Go back uh go back to like two guys. I just want one guy to be like kind of pissed. I want I want the direct, but they're playing Mogi Lounge. Yeah, bro. Close of that guy of Pat. Can you be a hat wobble and Pat dancing? You can look at the outfits, dude. I'm a Nintendo soy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've never seen anyone who looks like Pat. It's like they found a white man who is 5% Japanese. Wait, he kind of looks like Liam. The white Liam. No, Liam's half Asian. I don't know, man. I don't think Liam full Asian. Some percent Asian. There's Asian in him. I Asian. Nick discovers marriage. Get the calipers out. Look, he's gorgeous. I They're always so happy. He's like a happy Liam. What was your guys's roses, Stems, and thorns in the direct? Okay. Am I the one who thinks that wheelchair game looks awesome? Wheelchair. It's like Rocket League, but you're in a wheelchair. Yeah. For like like a disabled person in a wheelchair. Sure. Yeah. Do you play the game with the Joy-Cons? You go like this. And they have like Wii wheelchairs like they did with a skateboard. This is the game. They have like a control you can sit in. No, it's the JoyCons. You place them on the ground. Making a joke. But yeah, bring up. Let me see. Let me see. I've never seen Switch wheelchair basketball. Well, like Alex, our friend was saying, if it was $7 on Steam, game of the year, but it's $80, dude. It looks fun. Yeah, but it's like go to like the middle. What? Like wheelchair robots. It's just Rocket League except I like the robots because wheelchair robots. It also implies that they're not disabled in any way. They're just built that way. Uh they're for sure disabled cuz they got legs and they're not using them. The robots. Yeah. Look at they have legs. Yeah, this is definitely Yes, they do. They have legs and feet. It's just people in like like I don't know, storm the capital gear. I think they're I think they're Dude, imagine if everyone who like was on January 6 was just in wheelchairs. Maybe this was made by a handicap January 6. Going to play real wheelchair basketball. Wait, there's other courts with other people playing. It's probably like NBA Street. Yeah, it's like it's like uh but they had names over their heads. You can dunk, dude. The dunk at the end of this video is sick. Can you skip forward? This looks like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know why this looks You're crazy that this looks cool. It does look terrible, dude. That's cool. You're mad. I don't want to play that bad. I saw that everyone making fun of it. I was like, "This looks That's Astro Bears 2.0." Guess what, bro? We're rich so we can play it. But like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Imagine Imagine you get a Switch Tua for Christmas and that game only. If you're a little kid, dude, it's over. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joke. instead of Mario or Zelda or something actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] interesting. And it came with the console. Well, yeah. Your mom your mom got you a Switch Tua and the $80 wheelchair game. Yeah. No, you'd be lame. That's the kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] his mom would get. O, it can't have violence. I just don't like that there's a cow driving a motorcycle in the other room. I can't help myself that I'm excited. I'm excited. They release they put cow in Mario Kart and I say, "Yes, I buy." I like it. This game looks fun. I didn't even see that. I didn't see anything but Mario Kart DK looks. Does that make me old? Wait, you don't like the new look? And that's not actually DK, is it? Is that DK? Yeah, they changed his look. Yeah, they took away the render DK. That was I kind of like the new look. You're dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I do. You're disgusting. Wait, I'm a disgusting chill. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love bananas though. He has personality now. How come none of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He always had personality. You're insane. Yeah, dude. He's a leader of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bunch. Am I crazy? Yeah, Liz is in. You're like one of his personalities. He just kind of looks more like a more of a He's like more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made now. Like I don't remember Donkey Kong ever being so scared and like tw he used to be like kind of Chad like oh my god. Wait right. The Donkey Kong I know is confident all. I think they just made him young and a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Real dude. That's why you like him? Yeah. They de Donkey Kong dude. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They made him scared. I'm scared and weak. Dude, you know what I did see? There's tariffs on bananas. The monkey neutral bathroom. The You know how consoles used to be region locked? Yeah. But then with the Switch, uh, and a lot of new consoles, they aren't region locked anymore, and games are just the same game no matter what. In Japan, they're releasing a region locked Japanon Switch and a normal Switch that has all the languages accessible in it so that they can price a Switch low enough for the Japanese market because the yen is so weak. Oh, yeah. It's like $120 cheaper. So, it's just the same console, but it's impossible to get other languages or access non-Japanese games on it. But if you're a weeb and you know Japanese, that's a way to save money. Yeah. But then you could only buy Japanese games. But surely you would just buy it and then you unregen lock it. No, you can't. That's the thing. They were manufacturing it to be region locked. I'm sure if maybe there will be a way to hack it. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. But just they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up about this because there were switches if you wanted to play HDR, you needed to get an old switch that you had to actually solder out a chip. Like like they they have literal hardware. Oh, no. It's the opposite. It's the old one you don't have to because the new ones you have to solder something in the board to mod it, which is crazy. And I'm sure they got better at hacking or locking down that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like it took a while, I'm assuming, to figure that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. They get better every time. Somebody always figures it out. The layer of friction to have to open something up and like literally hot metal a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] transistor is way different than like Japanese. It's quicker. That's right. And as a feminine way to say it. M the what was the other the other sick game then watashi. No atashi is the feminine way. What are you even saying? I'm just every time I'm learning something about Japanese. Every time I come and tell him he says it's wrong. What if you're wrong? You're just saying watashiashi. What does that feminine way to say I? Why are you telling me like you know? Dude, I'm so mad. Metal Gear Solid 2 is the worst. Masculine feminine. Metal Gear Solid 2 is the worst. Metal Gear Sol does. Not in the way that like Spanish and French. I know. I know. Cuz I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. I I'm get vindicated in like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Discord. They're like, "Actually, Slime's right. Lwig is weirdly mad and wrong." And I'm like, "Okay, good. Good." Salt snakes are racists in the show. Is he right about this? Is Tashi a new way to say I that I didn't know about? Isn't watshi is the feminine way? Be either polite or the feminine way. I guess I'm just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chop tas then. Sorry. I guess I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tell me that are experts and then I bring it on the show and I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chopped idiot. Ch. Can just sort this for us, I believe. Zipper, look up at versus Watashi. Is that what you said? Just Atashi. You know what? I had a little excited about the direct. I was a little excited about the direct the Gamecube library being available like the old games, but they're eat my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] For real. Eat my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Both of you guys are not also feminine. Oh god. Gender neutral, dude. You guys let him get away with that. Wow. He's right. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's right. I have to give it to I'm sorry. I'm not touching your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nasty hand. I'm not touching your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] each other's hand. Reach for it. Shake each other's hand. I want to watch the You know what? I I got a little excited cuz I saw a GameCube controller, an official GameCube controller getting released. Oh, with the USB with USBC, which means I can plug it into my PC directly. And I'm like, for the first time ever, a proprietary first party GameCube controller that plugs into my PC. I like that. That stick box is going to be stiff, bro. I think it's going to feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I like them stiff. But I also play pause, but I also play on box. Now what I I get scared cuz I play on a box a Graham box controller and it has a USBC to a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] GameCube like ender and I'm like there's not a lot of these on the planet. If I ever lose this like I just can't play the video game with this this controller. It's such a a niche way. Oh yeah. It's a niche of a niche of a niche. Probably USB to you. Oh you can do it for a computer but like tournament or something. like kind of speaking speaking of modding, I uh I've been rabbit holeing Call of Duty again and there's this program that I've been using for a lot of stuff that sucks and I was it's so old. Um but it's the best that the community had. And uh I got so I hit such a wall with it. I was so pissed off that I tracked down the guy who made it when he was likely a child in the UK. You flame his ass. And he is an engineer at IBM now. What? Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I I reached out to him and I said, "Hi, will you help me use your old program?" That's cool. And he didn't reply. If anything, look, we have had so much reach on this pod. My old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guild leader apparently was a ran for mayor in Florida. People found that out cuz they listen to the pod. There's a way to get to this guy is what I'm saying. Yeah. So, use the platform for good. Dude, I watched this short that reminds me of what you're saying is Arak and he was like, "Yeah, one day I woke up and all my videos were copyright strikes." So, I posted on my community page and then I guess the artist got so many death threats they lifted the copyright strike. And I was like, "This is bad." Like, this is not How was he presenting the information? He was presenting it in a more neutral way. He basically got an email from it ends from the record label and they're like, "Please take down your post. Please, we're getting death threats. We will clear the songs, please." They say, "Yeah, that's diet Mr. Beast, bitch." Mess with the bull. You'll get the smaller horns. Yeah. I've also become more of a YouTube hater. What are you talking about? What do you mean? Michael's changed me, man. How you love YouTube? No, I only love shorts now. What? What are you talking about? True. You just released your most successful YouTube series of all time where you uploaded daily. I'm saying as a viewer. What did you watch before? Before I watched like YouTube videos. Like what kind of videos? I would watch like gaming things like Summoning Salt and Daily Dose of Internet. Okay. And other creators. Maybe a small ant video. So stuff like that. Yeah. Interesting. Maybe maybe Nick's Elden Ring video. Similar things. Yeah. Now I just watch shorts. Why is that a good That's Wasn't Michael in the process of banning him IP banning himself from shorts? Yeah. Yeah. He wanted to because he said it was bad. Yeah. Which I think I need to do too. But they're so good. Are they Are they Is it just not like Tik Tok again that you don't have to log into another app for? What's the difference? The algorithm changes faster on shorts. Yeah. to like topics. So like right like right now if I opened it up it would be like breastfeeding Latinas. Breastfeeding Latinas was yesterday. So today's all skateboarding, right? Yeah. And it's like I don't know skateboarding. I'm not going to pretend I know anything about the culture. But I love the shorts for it. Like the helmet guy. You see got the got on the direct. What's his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] full name? Andy last name. Wasber. Oh, wait. Did you just What? What? What did UTO do? They They announced Tony Pro Skater 3 plus 4 and Uto's in it. Oh, you guys didn't watch, bro. Watch the direct and he's a Red Bull athlete. Yeah, so is Nick Yingling. Who [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares? True. He wore the beanie. Wears the beanie every day. If you don't stop doing that, I told I told him I I walk into this office. I say, "Ying, are you an athlete?" He's like, "Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk to me." I don't wear the beanie anymore anymore. Like I wore it last week. I gave it to you in Japan and I haven't held it since cuz you don't have it anymore. You already took a So I'm over the beanie and I lost it. Relationship with And now Yingling has it. Wow. And now And now some random young Japanese child is now a Red Bull athlete cuz they found it on the side of the road. On the side of the road along with so much other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I did so many crimes there. What's the biggest crime you did? Ooh, probably I mean probably just running like 70 of the red lights. Just the compilation of them cuz I would play this game where your feet can't touch the ground. Dude, you're such a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Zipper, you play this game, right? Is it like you pull up and you slow down, but you don't want to put your feet down and you're like, "Ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll go." And but and the way you balance is by moving forward. Yeah. So, like you don't need your feet on the ground, but it's like a bicycle. It's like when you get really slow, it's really hard to not fall over. Isn't it crazy that when you move forward, you don't fall over? Yeah, cuz that's crazy. Yeah. You don't fall over. If you go as fast as that, actually, I'm not making fun of you. That's on some battery [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's some battery [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's like, why am I not falling? When I stop, I fall. Did you guys see Did you guys see there was a guy, he made a bike that had reversed uh turning function? So the bicycle whenever you would turn to the left it would turn to the right. He had to rewire his brain cuz we're so This is Mike Boyd. Yeah. It's a crazy video. And he literally had to rewire his brain and keep trying at it like he was a child to ride the bike correctly. He's like, "Okay, that was cool. I can do it now." Switched it back. Couldn't do it. Couldn't drive the bike. So he had to rewire his brain again. And the time it took his head to wrap around reversing this was really long. And it was kind of cool. This is I think video. I hate to bring up a topic that came up a long time ago, but I think about I think about this all the time is the when I was I was playing two like 200 millisecond delay game in Dittos with in an Airbnb and the so when you input something it came out super super late and you but we played for so long that when I got up I like I thought my movement in real life was going to be delayed. And I never felt a sensation like that before. And I It's the same thing. Or how you can wear those. Can't you wear glasses that like turn your vision upside down? Yeah. And then if you wear them for long enough, it writes them back up again and then you have to if you take them off, it takes a really long time. Forever. That might be a mythbuster thing, though. What's the point of that? Because your I think your brain This is I mean, maybe I'm wrong. This might be a mythbuster scenario. Your brain takes in the image that you're looking at upside down and reverses it and flips it upside currently. So if you wear glasses that turn the image back upside down, your brain will eventually recorrect that image with the glasses on. Just stacking up different pairs of those glasses just to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your brain for taking them off. Uh I bet you know there's probably some kid in a physics class right now that's pissed at us. Call me a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. Blood's blue. We should start doing that mouth tape [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Alex does mouth tape. No. Yeah. Really? That's the most before the recent videos. I think he stopped, but he used to do it. Northern Line is not mouth tape. No, he does it, but he knew about it. I didn't I didn't even know about it till Ashton Hall. Oh, I thought about this further thing. What is What is good about only breathing through your nose? The idea is it makes your jaw more pronounced, I think. No, no, no. There it It's meant to be for good sleep. Wait, you guys are laughing at me? This is true. Oh, for that guy. For Ashton Hall. Maybe it's like muing. But the original part of look maxing. Looks maxing. No, not originally, dude. Yes. Wait, isn't this the whole thing of like why they call people mouth breathers? It's I thought that just Okay. So So when you when you have uh when you have sleep apnnea. Yeah. It's because uh the basically the back of your throat is sinking down and vibrating when you breathe, which causes you to snore. That sounds And then when you are sleeping you have apnea episodes where you wake yourself up and you never enter deep sleep all night. That's why you you can sleep 8 hours you still feel tired in the morning. The tape is meant to force you to breathe through your nose so that this does not happen. That's why I'm saying this is the original one of the original uses. If you tape the tip of your They also say breathing through your nose is safer for bacteria because there's like your nose is designed with hairs to like stop prevent bacteria. That's what boogers are. Boogers are the evil that doesn't get in. That's true. That's true. So, it's like it's another benefit, but there's like also a lot of studies that say like mouth tape like doesn't really work. Some that say they do. I'm pretty sure it doesn't work, but I looked into it cuz I was I was snoring and I was like, "Is this going to fix it?" I feel like I'd be scared of suffocating because my nose gets so You would be It could happen. It's got to be fear number one. You would be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scared of that. I always see videos of people be scared of suffocating. Disgusting. That's normal to be scared of. He's disgusting. What videos do you watch? They remove mouth tape, but there's still the adhesive. So, they blow big adhesive bubbles. Like Mario and it pops out. Yeah. Like like a piranha plant. Uh but no, I think it's part of looks maxing now, too. It's like part of it is looks maxing. Is it like meing? I think the idea is if you breathe with your mouth, you have like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, yeah. It like it diminishes your probably my guess is that breathing through your mouth throughout the night makes your breath worse. I think this might be a hygiene thing. No, your breath is worse if you keep your mouth closed. Dude, we know so little. Yeah, but the thing is we have a platform to talk about it on speculation alone. Beautiful. We'll just lie. And dude wipes gave you cancer. If you've made it this far, be honest. Is this one of the worst episodes of all time? Mouth tape looks maxing. It comes up. Yeah, maybe zippers, dude. They call it hostage tape. What the That's the brand. That's one of the brands. r/beauty. They would they did they did kind of like a uh like a a liquid death type branding where it's like hostage tape. What's that? And you're wondering and you see it and you're like they wear it to sleep. It's so scary. What if I stop breathing? Yeah. In fact, one study found that people still breathe through their mouths even with the tape. Yeah. Yeah. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't work then. I think it's like if you're someone who like can't breathe through the nose when you sleep, you're more likely to just unpeel the tape in your sleep with by breathing through your mouth. And if you're someone who doesn't need it, then then you'll be fine breathing through your nose. It's like one of those self-affirming. No, the next layer is you bound yourself before you go to bed. You put yourself in a latex cube. Yeah. A big latex cube. And you have a boner. What is bound? Uh to do this like a hand. Oh, like bind yourself. Yeah. to be bound. That's the past tense of it. I like to be bound. I put you in a latex cube. What is that zipper? Latex cube. BDSM. I want you in one of these. Yeah. Put you in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cube, baby. Where does my body go? That is in it. That's your body. What is this? How do I breathe? So, you go inside and then you suck all the air out. This is the new acme drop. Pay attention. Yeah, I want you to know that one. Is this not This is a No, look. Look closely. Go. Go to the top. Go to the top. Would this look closely? Air is a breathing tube, idiot. Oh, so yeah, you This is for like if you It's a weird fetish where you just really like to be vacuum tubed. Go to the My balls would go to the Etsy page. The first one. How much is this, dude? Just buy like smaller clothes. Unavailable. Oh my god, someone bought it. What if you just really tight skinny jeans? It would hit the same. Wa! Look at that sex. Look at that hammock. Damn. That's Oh, wait. $750. That's so much. That's not. No, that's not. That's as much as a kid out steam deck. It's just latex in a cube. In a PVC pipe cube. Yeah. Do you have to buy the sucker? That's probably an artisan lack is worth 750. I can tell you tag yourself. It's so hard to explain visual. Having the most awesome bust of your life in latex is worth any amount. Oh, busting in there would be because then it wouldn't even go anywhere. Busting in your breathing tube and now you have no choice. Can you Can you Can you bust in a vacuum? That's a great question. Hank Green, we need to get him back on like a NASA program. What is it like to come in zero gravity? That's like it's like the old question. If you're traveling at the speed of light and you turn the headlights on, what happened? What happened? They don't know what happened. Surely that one, right? Because wouldn't it float? They do the tooth. It looked like one of those. You ever seen those zeroravity toothpaste videos? It looked like that. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm talking that's headlights. What the hell are any of us talking about? Did you see the video of two guys trying to see if speed of light or speed of sound faster? Sick, bro. So awesome. It's literally a guy holding up flashlight. He's like, "Yeah, he was trying to like beat the flashlight with and then there's a guy watching it and he's like, "The sound was fast. The sound was fast there." And then the other guy's like, "But the light though." Okay. Yard tape, but it's not for your mouth. It's for your butthole and it stops you from pooping. On a date. On a date. Yes. It stops you from pooping on a date. Bro, some guy messaged me. I sent this to Nick cuz I was so worried. He He sent me a video. You know that woman who sleeps with thousands of men as like a publicity stunt. Yeah. Yeah. Aiden's mom. There was a video of a bunch of these guys walking into a house. Yep. It's P. It's P. It's P out there. Said Aiden's mom. I didn't even hear it. That's That's well done, sir. That's so awesome. I said Aiden's mom when he said that comment. Sleeps without Bonnie Blue. Oh, that's that game from Offbrand. So, there's just like Dude, that's really bad for us. That's really bad for us that she's called Bonnie Blue. So, there's a bunch of these guys walking into a house like, you know, to to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this woman for money or whatever. They also look like they're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bip a Prada store. Yeah, they have they have like skicept one guy. But one guy has a black shirt with like a white logo on the breast, but the video is kind of blurry. And this guy sent it to me. He's like, "Dude, yard fan spotted in this." And I watched I'm like, "Oh no." And I sent it to Nick. I'm like, "This isn't our shirt, right?" And he's like, "It was some other brand. Undefeated." Undefeated. Oh god. And I and I I messaged that guy back. I'm like, "It's apparently it's undefeated. Thank Christ." Wait, I'd be stoked if it was a fan. I'd be so bad. I cuz I don't like the idea of my fans being people who have sex. It's different. I think that's different. I think it's different. Say how. It's not the same as having sex. Say how. Having sexual implies you have succeeded in the in the social part of life, you know, where you've talked to someone and gotten to know them. There's an application process. made someone more interested enough in you to to have sex with you. Yeah, you've engaged in sex. I'm sure this person's just like, I need a thousand people to fill my hole and you're just you're just what? And that's what it was, Nick. And a guy sets down our tier list episode and then walks to the and he said, I'll do it. Yeah. He said, I'll step up. I will be number 374 to be in you. And you and you're going to you're going to count that against him. Yeah, I'm going to. Yeah, for sure. I'm going to for sure. I You know what? I wouldn't mind if we had both sides scenario. If Bonnie Bluesy, if she ranked every lay and he ranked number one out of a million, I don't care. I feel like her tier list would be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I wouldn't trust it. Oh, you don't trust you don't trust women, right? No, cuz it'd be like I ate a thousand different chips and ranked them and it's like, "Brother, by chip 20, you don't know what you're doing anymore." No. Pallet cleanser. What's the palette cleanser for? What's the ginger? She like she plays like Breath of the Wild for like 30 minutes. Dopamine full reset. What would you have sex off? I think the only pallet cleanser for sex is refractory period. It's time. Well, no. I mean like no. I I think you do have to do something else like play a round of tennis. You could listen to nightstand. You just full reverse the feeling of shrivels up. I'm ready. Yeah. It's a good It's the show been going good. Yeah, more like Ug, right, guys? Yeah, that was a close call, bro. I think it's I think it's fine if you like doing it more than this pod, man. Be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] honest. He has to study for it. He [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yes. Look at him, dude. Isn't that disgusting? He's so pumped. I don't. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Is it cuz the homework's hard? Is that why I dislike doing it? We should have homework for each other. No, I I think so far it is a little more stressful and not just because of the prep, but I think just because we're cuz Atriox could kill over and die at any moment, right? And I'm worried about him. He's frail. I think we should be doing homework for this podcast. You try to find the most famous person you can this week. You watch gay porn. You read Ezra Klein. Come on. Wait, she's already doing that homework. She already did that and I was already doing that. I'm getting roasted, bro. Why? just people in the comments for reading it at me for reading a book. It's like it's okay to read a book and disagree with it. Dude, they're they are 200 episodes into a podcast. I know, right? You're winning the conversation. That's like the uh they're just like it's just so annoying to come to the comments and be like, I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're reading Ezra Klein. Disgusting. And I'm like, I wasn't a fan of Ezra Klein before I read this book either. All right, look. How about this? By the next uh main episode, we have to see the most famous person we can see. What does lo winner punches loser? Wait, but what if there's going to be one loser and three winners? There's going to be one loser and all three least. They all get punched. Winner gets to choose what the loser does. The other two are abstained from doing anything. So like the most famous find gets to punish the least famous find. The second and third most famous find. It's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up for Lewick cuz he can just like call somebody up. No, he can't do that either. No, obviously that'd be cheating. It's going to be someone I don't know. Uh, we'll find them. They have to There's a rule. They have to not see you. So, he can't call someone cuz then they would see him. Well, now so we're like having to sneak. I thought we had to get You have to stalk them. Yeah. Yeah. This is This is going to be No, I thought we had to like get like a That was what the question was. But this is paparazzi. No, it's paparazzi. So, it have to be paparazzi. Yeah, you have to paparazzi them. Most famous person you can see. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Right. The we're going to find we're not going to find anyone in one week to find the famous metric. No, we're going to crush this. No, we'll know. We'll be able to know a week. That's easy. It's so easy for you. Is there putting us in the dimension, bro? You more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dimension. Oh, yeah. More you cuz the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dimension, bro. We can't say. You saying dimension or dimension? I'm in the dimension, bro. All right. Hey guys. Oh my god. I don't Okay, I'm going to be honest. I don't know if we'll get out of this room after we stop recording, but thanks for watching this episode. Have we ever been outside this room? I don't know. I to some to some. I may have lived my entire life in this room. You know what? You know what blows my mind? There are people to this day that think we record this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] outside. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is outside. Yeah, it is outside. It is outside. They're emerging cuz you come from a business show that's all ones and zeros binary. What? Whatever happened to art? Oh my god, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Doug Doug has read my com seven times. You spoke tiny balls. Here we go. And that comes out of him. Where's the Lwig piss? Doug Doug has read Minecom seven times. Yeah. We'll see you on the Patreon episode where I will I will show you my balls and you can be the judge. Oh my god. If this Bye forever. That's the difference. Hold on. Hold on. I want you to think about this. I want you to we go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we go to Mesopotamia and we go digging and we and we find we find we find a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thousand statues. Are you like these losers? You're like you're like these losers were collecting trinkets. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Emperor Chin Cha Hong's mausoleum site is trinket slop. And I'll say it to his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face in hell.