 Elf watched him die. You three are in what are called death saves. We have five gods around us. Yet they have to keep us in purgatory so we can't continue the battle. Would you like to be able to help your friend? Yes. You all wake up. We have to find who did this and we have to get revenge. Didn't we already kill them? Where's the princess? Hello and welcome to the yard DND episode three. You were just dropped into what is called death saves. In the process of dying, you were rescued by your friend Leonus and Sanca the wizard who is your instructor and your handler has walked up to you and said, "Where's the princess?" Sufa is such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. She I told her I told her to stay I told her to stay behind. Yeah. You were saying something about women shouldn't be able to move freely. What were you saying? I I said I said she should stay. You said I'm Leona Aul and women shouldn't be able to do what? There will be plenty of time for blame. It's But you told her to stay here. She's not here. You all clearly were grievously injured. Excellent work, Leonus, in rescuing your comrades here. And Sopha looks at you all clearly beat up and he says, "Okay, you now have a new mission, which is apparently recovery, but you all clearly are injured. So, you have a choice to make. You can stop and rest and regain your strength and possibly let your enemy gain a great lead over you, or you can attempt to pursue after them right now. But I don't know how well you will do. In fact, Leonus, you woke them up with a healing spell. Roll that healing so we can find out exactly how many hit points. I need a lot of health. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me on this. So, we get at least seven. What is it? It's three. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me come over the top of this. Because the goddess Petraor intervened, you might recall instead she was going to help you. I'm going to give you all the full 12 because you were healed divinely. Dude, you were playing with the bumpers on. Typical. Did the little Did the little imp on your shoulder also help somehow? Are you talking about my companion? Thimble appears holding the bow and he's like, "Are you are you Gorg? Cuz I seem to recall you were on the ground like this and Leonus saved you. How you got you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Don't I tell Samble to Simble, don't shoot him again. And Gorg, you might recall a GJ Gorg Jr. again, your pseudo dragon that is about the size of a cat. And as you wake up, you feel her kind of snuggle against you, and you just feel relief. All of you feel relief. She clearly was worried about all of you. It's just like her little dragon eyes look at each one of you one by one, and you get this relief coming off of her. Oh, my dragon daughter thought we were all dead because of you, Leonus. We thought we were going to die. To be clear, Gorg Leonus saved us dead. Why do you have such a hard time admitting that? Why do you have such a hard time? Just let me shoot him. Just I mean, just just We can't shoot him. Because, man, we just I we're from the same place and like I just It's just a thing. Okay, focus. Now, are you going to rest and regain your strength, or are you going to keep up the chase before they can get too far ahead of you? I say we chase, but I'm not a a lone soldier anymore. I have a team. I'll live. I know that. When you say that out loud, Sanka just kind of gives you the slow nod. So, it's up to you two. What are you smoking? I think this is a stick. You have an oral fixation. Yeah. Yeah, I'm realizing that. I think we go forward, man. George, I look, it's a democracy at this point, you know. Everyone got to vote before me. Needs to be unanimous. It needs to be unanimous. I would not make you march into battle weak. I like him. I weaker than he usually does. Yorg, I I think obviously yes, we should go. I think 12 12 HP uh which is represented in terms of uh I'm just a little crispy right now is is certainly enough cuz I get one smite on there, brother Bear. Done deal. Sanka just sort of looks at you all and he says, "I might be able to offer you some assistance. Um, gather around." And he does hold his hands out to you all. Sanka, are you asking? Yes. Hold his hand. Hold his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hand. All right. We don't have to make it weird. We can let go. We can let go. That's going to be the thumbnail, though. Holding our hands. You all feel a jolt go through you and a couple of things happen. So, in Dungeons and Dragons, when you have to rest, you have two kinds of rest. We have a short rest and a long rest. A short rest is an hour. You get some of your abilities back, but not all. You can do some healing, but not all. A long rest is eight hours, and you get absolutely everything back. Uh, there are some spells that let you kind of gain this process, which is what he has just cast on you. So, you all gain the benefit of a short rest. Yes, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yes, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 22. That's so big for us, man. Did it go through for you? Yes, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hey, so you feel this jolt go through you and you do feel recharged by what Sofa has done for you. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah. Thank you. However, it can never be that easy. I need all of you to make wisdom saves for me. Wisdom saves. A Copa is going to make us do some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I rolled a five. I saw a five. I saw a one. A one's as bad as it gets. Oh, what happens on a one wisdom seal? You're about to find out. 17. 19. 19. Okay. So, I'm going to go in reverse order here. When Sanca hits you, the ability he uses a spell called catnap. Uh, that basically supercharges arrest, but you essentially pass out for a second. So, even though you all don't know it, you to onlookers, you kind of grabbed his hands and the four of you just drop to the ground. Leonus, you see something. It could be a dream. It could be a memory. But on a 19, it's a good thing. What does Leonus see when he sort of like drops into this medical coma essentially for a moment or two? Uh, I see uh the day a long time ago when I was a an even younger sea elf. I was in Leico with my with my parents and I was leaving on my first long long journey to another plane by myself. And I remember looking my parents in the eyes and realizing that uh this time when I left I was not going to see them for a very long time and how uh I was going to need to trust new people in my life. I I was going to need to find a new group of friends and a new family. Leonus, you're here under the ocean um in Leo and you see your mother is there sort of adjusting your leathers. She's under the water, so of course there aren't tears as such, but you can tell by her crinkled nose that she's kind of upset. And your father hadn't shown up that day. He knew he was leaving. And then the very last moment he turns up and what did your father look like? Was he the same ocean blue that you are? Did he look different? Uh my father's a little uh darker than I am. He's also he's also larger. I think that sort of in terms of you know the the expect physical expectations of uh my father's children. I I'm I'm not really meeting it. He's a he's a I know that's right. He's a burlier, stronger uh man who who doesn't doesn't look much like me. If you saw the two of us next to each other, he's still taller than me, right? You see, he comes over and he has something that is uh wrapped in a net and he just throws it back and you see what you've now come quite familiar with with your dragon wing bow and he looks down at it and he goes, "Well, um this uh isn't too much use here under the water. Um, you know, uh, but I guess, uh, maybe maybe you're going to be going some places. You you you could put it to a little better use, son. I I'm having a hard time not not crying. I think I know what this means to my father. As someone who as someone who uh fought uh fought when he was younger and trained when he was younger, this is something from my grandfather from the from the war when it happened and he was a part of that. You've heard the stories. But having this in my possession now at the time, I I I regained a lot of confidence about leaving because I think it represents uh a a great amount of trust that my father has for me that I think I've been seeking. And when he hands you the bow, he sort of puts a hand on your shoulder and it's even though he's an elf, he's just so much power in that hand. It's almost like a crab claw kind of unintentionally heavy on your shoulder. It's very large on my shoulder. and and he just says, "Um, I'm not going to pretend like I I I understand where you're going or why you want to leave, but um proud of you, son. You're uh you're taking the best of us with you, right? I got to kind of I can't really like hug my dad normal cuz he's so much bigger than me cuz I'm also like younger at the time. So, I got to kind of like lean. I got to kind of and he doesn't really know kind of how to We also don't hug often. No, it's it's you know you're you're understanding in this moment very similar energy to Stone Beard actually. I'm thinking of stone and as this smile is sort of coming across Leonus's face remembering this happy thing. You don't know about you don't know about No no no this is this is this is all this is individual experiences your own daddy problems not mine. Uh Ran same thing something good uh doesn't have to be something real. It could be a memory. It could be a dream. But you see something that Ran likes. I have a flash and I'm I'm in I'm back in Mory and I'm walking through a very a charred forest and it's like singed trees, but they're they've kind of always been that way. And uh I'm walking with a single short sword and my best friend. Yeah. Who is your best friend? A boy named Alustin, which is which is similar to Austin. You leave him alone. We're kids and we're we're on a walk back from the the local uh Mory smoke smoking shop cuz it's legal there. And uh we run into a sort of demon spirit type thing that uh starts to fight us and we fight back, but my best friend dies. The demon leaves, but he drops his sword and I pick it up. I look at it. I have a moment with myself and then I keep it and sort of have my first sort of duty of sort of protecting of where I'm from. Is that the jagged sword that Ran carries? Yeah. Yeah, it's the second one. Yeah. At the very end of this memory flash, uh, I hear kind of in a meta sort of out of body way uh, the princess's voice. I can't make out what she says, but it's loud and then I snap out of it. Perfect. I love it. Now, Gorg, same thing. You see something not good. I am I'm I'm back in turtle school. I have huge nipples and they're all just making fun of me over and over and they won't stop. That's awkward cuz turtles have a shell. So the the Yeah, that's that's what and they're saying nipple boy. Look at you. It's nipple boy. He's here and I can't leave. There's no doors in the schoolhouse. So, you're in a school with no doors and big nipples. That sounds like a nightmare. It is a nightmare. And I just And I'm just sweating. And then you guys are there and my my my comrades in battle are here and they're saying the same thing. Why do you got those big pepperons? Even Even Leonus is getting in on the action talking about my pepperons. I say I'm pepperon stone beard. He's there and he's trying to like be the adult in the room and say, "Hey, don't worry about your nipples." They don't even look that. Well, it's But don't focus on that. This is the first time in my life I've disagreeed with Stone Beer. You got weird big nipples. Yeah, man. Weird big ones. Weird big nipples. Weird big nipples. It's your dream. I'm dream manifestation Leonus who's finally fostered some independence. And I think you have giant weird nipples and I don't like you. So hard. I like your I like your nipples, man. Nipples and somehow they're normal. Gorg, even though this is a flashback to years ago, it's not a flashback necessarily. It might be a fake memory. GJ is there also. Oh no. And you see, she sort of flies towards you and she just stops and she looks down at you and you just feel Oh god. Come off of her. She just like floats there. They're normal. I promise. And last, but certainly not least, unfortunately, Stone Beard, whatever you see, again, it's about as bad as it gets. It gets no worse than one. I'm at this beautiful pub. It's decorated with gold. I'm sitting alone at a table and I have like five beers in front of me. When I bring one to my mouth and it turns to just meal worms the moment it hits my lips. Meal worms are everywhere. I sparky. What is it? Everyone vanishes. The lights turn off at the bar. What? Hello. Hey, this is not fun. It's not funny. There go. I see coots run up coots. As she runs, she falls into dust. She disappears. There's a knock at the door and turn around and it's just Gorg nipples are growing. They're growing and he's just standing there. Stone bread. Stone bread. That is horrible. And yeah, man, that sucked. All of you sort of just snap out of it. And in that moment, the two of you look pretty happy, chill. Leonus, maybe a faint tear in your eye. You also a tear in your eye for very different reasons. Stone beard, you see, he immediately grabs his chest despite what you saw. Oh man, how are you? Are you guys good? Hey, Stone Bread, let me let me see it though. See what? There's nothing to see. Nothing. Coats. Coats. She like crawls up on your shoulder immediately. Chill. I I I think I had like a like a premonition. I heard her. The princess. I heard her. What? What'd she say? Who's the princess? What did she say? It was it was kind of garbled, but it it sounded like I'm I'm here. I'm still here. That is a very good sign. Okay, listen. I've done what I could for you, but now it is up to you to go and get her back. Taka, I must ask, what were the casualty numbers? He sort of looks down and he says, "We have the healers. We we can we can we can get many of them back, but it's um 22." Sorry, I didn't expect such a specific number. Is 22ish. Did you hear that? 22 people died because of us. What's wrong with being dead? Not even. Well, it wasn't because of us. Why not? It happened cuz we didn't do that. If we did better, we could have saved more. You're right. And it would have been three more if I didn't do anything. Wasn't three more. Okay. You see, thimble just appears long enough to be like and vanishes again. Uh, so now for you all to figure out what's going on, there's a couple of ways that you can you can go about this. Now, let me just say in general, I remind you all what you all are good at. Ran Kadus, you are a lorebard. Um, you know things, you have a lot of skills. Uh you are particularly devastating uh in buffing and debuffing in combat, but again you have a lot of skills and you know stuff. Gorg, you are a holy warrior. Um you are also very good at sensing things that are unnatural with your divine sense. You also have an ability where you can try and cause fear in those around you um using your channelneled divinity. Stone Beard, you besides your unchecked rage, uh you are a technical genius, you are really good at inventing things and understanding machinery. And Leonus, as a Horizon Walker ranger, you are very good at detecting the presence of portals, teleportation magic, things like that. Stone Beard, I think. Stone Beard, do you know if there were any venue security here? Anyone that would have looked through looked through this video, let's go to the bar. So, we can't go to the bar. Just Yes, sir. Look, I understand that pubs are sources of information in a time of crisis, but I don't think you want to go to the pub because of that reason. Am I crazy for saying that, Stone Beard? Is it a source of information? What if I said, "We go to the bar, but you're not allowed to have an ale." I don't care what he's addicted to. I just want to go. It sounds lit. Get one ale. It'd be weird if I didn't drink. They would think something's up. It'd be weird. One ale. No more ale than one. You can drink as much as you want cuz it goes through your bones. It just falls out of my bones. Yeah. All right. Let's go. All right. All right. So, we're not fountaining day. Sink. I stop. Sofa. Does this venue have any security? Oh, Sofa. Oh, hey teacher. Teacher that I don't want to go. Oh, yes. It's like heaven forbid he do his job. York. Yes, there is. Um, in we could do this one of three ways. You can give me persuasion, which is to like try and talk to people. You can give me insight to just try and read, you know, just like like check people's vibes, or you can give me perception to try and like look look for clues. I'll I'll add to this, you being a ranger, you can even give me survival um for tracking people uh if you would like. I think. But yes, there there are guards. I think I would like to go with insight. Okay, give me Insight. Any of you can do these things. By the way, I I I will double up and say that you're doing this as you're heading towards uh the Yes. Nat 20. No. Natural 20 for Leonus. Perfect. So, is there sort of bickering about how much uh Stone Beard's about to get to drink? At least two. One ale only. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] turtle, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's just the rules. You see two things that I'm going to give you. Actually, with the natural 20, I'm going to give you three things. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] First, you see a minotaur. Uh a a a hulking man with a bull's head. He probably weighs about 800 lb. Uh and he is wearing the uniform of kind of one of the rank and file uh Pterodin. Uh and he is standing there with an axe. And you see he is very like frantically looking around. I mean again 10 minutes have passed since all of this went down. But I mean some security is already starting to be imposed on this place. Some order. But he very like is clearly looking for something like all over the place. You also see a kingu which is a very small crow person. They're only about 4 and 1/2 ft tall. And you see they look around like very suspiciously with their bird eyes. You also know, having interacted with kinku before, they can't talk. They can only repeat things through mimicry. Uh so they can only like basically play back a recording essentially of something that they've heard. Uh but the king is like very much sort of like looking around um suspiciously like uh yes but if I ask if I were to ask a kinku a question they could understand me and reply through the yeah they comprehend it but it's like literally like a parrot like they can only reply through memory except it is an exact match. It's not like you know it's like literally they will play back what they heard. Um, in the last thing you are aware that there is, and I'm only giving you this on a natural 20 because you were about to have to work a lot harder for this. Um, makes sense that you would notice. Uh, there's some wonky teleportation magic has been used nearby. Can I do an athletics check? Cuz I would like to click my heels in the air while we're walking to the bar. 100%. I'll give you with advantage. Just to clarify, have you guys left me already? Yeah, we're you're all kind of to find out if you snap two and we you're like, "Guys, we're all gone." I I get a I get a I got a 10. So serviceable. You're a big man. I'm kind of I'm kind of walking. I'm like two wheels and it clicks. But the heels The heels don't touch. And we heard it. Yeah. Not touch. They touch. Dude, your heels not touch. It's leather boots. They don't make a big noise. Are your thighs in the way of your heels tight? Big thigh gap. You shouldn't be. Are you guys like off in the distance already? Yeah, we're Are you guys seriously going to the bar? I I found stuff out, dude. Well, no. We're going to find stuff out at the bar. What are you going to find out at the bar besides the bottom of 10 ales? Two. 10's a good 10. We're going to find out what year Stone beer dies. You shouldn't have said 10 alals. It's in his head now. All right. What What do you want? symbol leans over and whispers in your ear and he's like, "You know, every time you got a band, there's a point where you got to go solo to go platinum, baby. Like, why are you carrying these dudes? Doesn't your back hurt?" Uh, I just I I thought I had a good I thought I could get a good plan. I I thought I had a good suggestion and then I just I want Stone Beard to recognize it, but then he just interrupted me and said he wants to go to the bar. Don't drink your ale if you don't hurry up. No, don't drink your You don't get his if he doesn't show it. skinny. We can't just order an ale for a guy that didn't show up. He's skinnier than me. I feel I'll catch up with you guys later. What? I'll just catch up with you guys later. What do you mean? I have some investigating to do. Sure. What do you mean? Sherlock. I mean, you put a guy big like Can I hear that? Can I hear what you said? What are you guys laughing about? It's just like a like a big old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hat on and it's like, dude. Oh man. How long are you guys going to be at the bar? Long as it takes to find information. He has a two ale cap. Yeah. And I mean that. Long as it gets to the bottom of 10. Long as long as it takes for him to drink 10 beers. So about 7 minutes. We're not doing that. We're not doing that. It would be it would be but 6 6:45. Can I Is it possible for me to do like roll for insight if I know what she said in my vision? I'll give you insight for that. Sure. [Applause] 13 17. Um, as you try to like focus in on this on what you were hearing, you do hear her like, "No, Leonus ran stumble." Okay. Like she's being taken. Okay. I keep this to myself. I continue trying to think about what it means. Perfect. I Is Sofa still with me? So, Sanca has gone back to just like directing traffic and like, you know, clerics are coming in and like trying to get people back on their feet. Uh, he pretty much is still there, but you could very much still talk to him if you wanted. And the kinku is the kinku is also a pterodant. The kinku looks like they're probably like a merchant. Like they're they're not chilling. Yeah. They're they're they are in, you know, civilian clothes just wearing some black robes. Slightly deflated. Mhm. Looking at my friends laughing to me at the distance as they argue about who how many beers are going to be drinking. It's two ales. You can't hear him. That's it. It's just two. I I walk over to the kinku uh and I feel like I recognize this kinku as someone who is normally in the streets like around the arena. Like I have seen this kinku in uh in the city before. It's like a military base. I mean there's tons of civilians in like common common faces that you see. And and he was he was looking around suspiciously suspiciously. I I confront the the kinku. As you're going towards him, thimble sort of like uh whispers in your ear. He's like, "All right, all right. All right." When you when you're like, "Wait, like what are we doing? Are we just like jacking this fool? Are we talking to him? Like what what are we I need to know if he heard something. He He's small. He He lurks around, right? I've seen him selling things outside of the stadium. I feel like if anybody had come to prepare something beforehand, then this guy would have heard it. All right. Okay. So, you know, I can like do my thing where I can like kind of like feel people's vibes or whatever, right? Like you talk to him. I'm going to take his vibe. Okay. Okay. Okay. I would say I'm not the most confrontational like shakedown sort of person. I I And I I I walk up to the kinku. Hey, hey, uh I'm I'm Leonis. I'm Leonis. I don't know if you can I don't know if you shake hands. He Yes, he he has hands. In fact, he doesn't have wings like overtly. One one of the things about kinku is they've been cursed never to fly again. So like it's it's a it's a a humanoid crow. So I just kind of stick my head out straight. You see it like looks at you and like opens its mouth. It opens its beak and you hear just this booming voice. Good day citizen. And it just closes closes its beak and it extends a hand. Good day. Good day. Uh are you able to repeat your name? Are you able to repeat your name? Get out. Dude, you get destroyed by a bird. I I I've I should have seen I should have seen that coming. You know, names aside, don't really even need to know it. I feel like I recognize you. You always seem like a good guy. I've seen you sell a few of your wares in the street. Some spoons. Um you he sold a spoon or two. Thimble is This is the same guy. Thimble's like, "Bro, I got you this morning. I don't I don't think we were the same." I mean, am I do you do you want me to shoot him? Cuz I got like right like I got like right behind the ear. You keep leaving to shoot. Okay. Right. Got it. Got it. Uh I just Sorry. I'm sorry to bother you, but I would I wanted to know if you heard anything suspicious outside of the arena before this large attack. Uh, you see he sort of like um looks back and forth for a moment and um he opens his mouth and you hear a woman's voice come out. Um and she just says, "What am I going to call you? I think I'm going to call you Cruncher. Is Cruncher a good name? Do you like being called Cruncher?" And again, like liter but against like his beak opens and you just hear it and then his beak closes like a gramophone. Cruncher. Nice to You could have just said that. You didn't have to make fun of me the first time. But uh Cruncher Crunch, you didn't have to make fun of me the first time. Like don't use my voice to talk to me. Cruncher, did you hear anything outside of the stadium? Perhaps one of from the the people that were attacking the that maybe that woman that released the gas into the stadium. His mouth opens and you hear Stone Beard. You hear your voice screaming Stone Beard and then his mouth closes again. I think I need a new approach. I need a new approach. Um, yes. No. Now, I know that you can repeat both of those things. Could you just tell me if you heard anything suspicious outside of the stadium beforehand? Yes or no? Yes. And no. And he just holds a hand out and goes, I The vibe is that he's pissing me off. What the What's the vibe, Thimble? For for our purposes, you know, you you are an international peacekeeper. You would be within your rights to try and embrace this dude. Uh you would be within your rights to try and buy him off. Meanwhile, you all are arriving at Calamity's book. You can see there's people inside, but they're like like down in in because again like explosions and things were just going off minutes ago. Um, when you see Calamity kind of hops up on the bar, uh, and again, she is a jet black cobalt. She She's also pretty small, but this time you see she's got chains wrapped around her fists and she just like jumps up and she goes, "Oh, oh, okay. If y'all are back here for a water, I guess the tumultuousness has passed." Calamity, we come to let everyone here know the danger has passed. You can rise from your safe positions. in. I have more news. Sorry. Sorry everyone. Stone Beard jumped. What? That's That was the big sort of bang you guys heard. He is a big boy, isn't he? We lost some people in the Nexus today. And well, to lift our spirits, Sanc Kofa is going to pay for a round for everybody here. He is a generous wizard. All right. Well, and you you see she just kind of starts unwrapping the chains. You give me perception with advantage. Stone beard because you can all give me perception, but you give it with advantage because you've seen this. O 13. Uh, and you guys give it to me. I got 25. 25. I'm not 20. Natural 20. It's It's G. You know, Gorg the reptile warrior. It makes sense that you might spot some of this. I noticed that there are tables. That's true. Well, you know, this is this is enough of your thing that that I'm going to give it to you that you noticed um even with your 13 that this is old um demon chain like when when the when the demons attacked from the the plane of Asphodel, uh they mostly came in on flying ships and most of them had like these long chains uh dangling off of them that they would use to like uh pull down buildings and things. And she's got like one of those old chains like wrapped around her arms. Uh you ran notice uh they're definitely enchanted. It's kind of hard to get a vibe for for what they are as you're taking them off. Uh you Gorg though the thing that jumps out most at you is cobalts don't live very long. Like a 30-year-old Cobalt is old and the demons were repelled 100 years ago. So like there's not really a way she should have been alive to be fighting in in during that time. And she has essentially these like very powerful relics that like her grandfather's grandfather's grandmother would have been alive for, but she very casually is like, "Oh, well, all right. I won't be needing these." She's just sort of taking them off her hands. Calamity. What? Hold on. For one, can you please get an ale? Three als. One ale for each of us. I I'm cutting them off at two. All right. More importantly, well, you said Sanca was paying for one, so we'll we'll figure that out. More importantly, where did you get those chains? Oh, these old things. No, they they just like I mean I must have just picked them up somewhere, you know, just off of that. That's a good point in the back or something. We go back. I've I've never seen you bring out these chains before. Are they enchanted? I mean, we ain't never needed like, you know, just like Briggins at the front door. You can't have a lady just tell you everything. She's like, you know, like sort of scooting them under the bar. I can I charisma check to just persuade her to tell me what the heck is going on? You absolutely can. Give me persuasion. Meanwhile, back over there with the kinku who's just sort of holding a hand out. So, let me give you an idea. I I I I do have an idea. Oh, no. Please proceed then. Yes. Can I can I use my fa presence to potentially to potentially charm this kinku? you. Why you guys are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything? It all starts somewhere. You absolutely can. Um, once per short rest, you can cause everyone around you to have a chance to be charmed by you. Uh, in the way charm works, uh, I believe one of you's been charmed at least once. I believe Jorg has. Oh, yeah. uh how this is how your actual life works. When when when you are charmed, uh they just regard you like their best friend. Like they don't necessarily become suicidal. They won't necessarily do something they wouldn't normally do. They just like you a lot. Yeah. Uh and it so happens uh I have failed to save. So, as this kinku is sort of looking at you, you just see again those like yellowish bird eyes just become like pure pupil, almost like jet black, and the beak just kind of hangs open a little bit and just goes uh uh well, and it's you actually it's your voice kind of stammering as you were just exasperated a second ago. Cruncher. Cruncher. I feel like we're on a new a new page together. Together. So, I was just maybe maybe we could go for a walk outside the stadium. You see his feathers just sort of go and he like immediately kind of like smooths them a little bit. And Thimble just leans over and go smooth. Glad he's excited about it. Uh, as we head outside, I I want I ask Cruncher. I point to the street outside the stadium on the opposite side from like the stage and the area where we came in. Hey, I I know you're usually around here early in the morning. You know, what were you up to? Did you talk to any people you haven't seen before? You see, he just reaches out and sort of like grabs your wrist. And again, he's very he's like four five. Like literally, he's like four, five, 80 pounds. I mean, he's little kinku are small, but he just sort of like grabs your wrist and like stares at you for a second and opens his mouth and you hear Princess Selenia, similar to what you heard in the vision, but now you're hearing it for the first time. Run, Leonus, Stone Beard, but you hear it like moving past you like as as if it was like coming coming and then like going going. Oh. Oh my god. Did you see who took the princess? Do you Do you heard me say yes? I know you did. You heard me say yes and no. Do you and no? Are you able Are you able to to describe or or tell me through through words you've heard through maybe the past few months of of what type of creature took the princess? He opens his mouth and this time you kind of start to hear a patchwork of words come out like I am no stupid. I can repeat things like like 2012 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] YouTube Obama YouTube. They're reminding me a lot of elf YouTube poop. I'm I'm I'm trying to remain calm because I'm frustrated because this means Cruncher could have just been helping me the whole time. I just want to help you, mister. Like a little kid's voice. What? What type of creature took the princess? What did you see? He like points right at your pterodin metal. Meanwhile, back in the bar. All right. All right. He had that persuasion go to to get her game log. You got 24. I see it. 24. I got a 24. Listen, Calamity, I want to level with you. We come in here a lot. We know each other a lot. There's no reason to hide. If you know something about what's going on and you have demon chains and you're only going to live a couple more years, I'm sorry for reminding you of that. You got to tell us. And also the L's. Well, I don't know that now's the time, but I swear on my honor. Whoa. What can I even known too many cobalts? Not even as a barkeep. I swear on my honor as someone who is bled for my brothers and sisters. I don't know anything about what's going on out here today. I was just ready to thump some heads. Okay. So, all right. You You get so bored at his stories and he's done so much more than little old Great story. Are you already drunk? There's three. There's three ale mugs. Empty. The coaster here. She's slow to clean. Fast to pour. Slow to clean. He's almost as fast as I am. But yes, I promise you. I'll tell you one day. But I ain't got nothing to do with this. If you heard, if you hear anything, please let us know. Of course. Is anyone at the spar acting strange? Well, I'm sort of ducking and hiding for their lives, I suppose. Um, and she looks around and she says, "A couple of the regulars aren't here, but I assume everybody's been called up to some sort of duty." Because outside there are essentially like emergency response crews. Are there any specific regulars that aren't here? Um, there are two boys. Uh, they were on guard duty out there by the by the founding day celebration. Humans yay tall. You've seen them before. And once she sort of mentions it, again, you guys kind of come in and out of here. Again, this is usually where glasses gives your mission. There are some regulars, just a couple of guys that you're kind of used to seeing at a table. Um, you know, you kind of give you the nod when you come in. Uh, and they're not there. That is true. Do you remember their names? Uh, yes. Uh, their names were um, uh, Riley and and Bejorn. Bejorn. I like Bejorn. One time we played uh toal poker set over set. That's you know crazy it's it is a foolish man that tries to play a total in total poker. I'm saying I I I hate my sets. Meanwhile outside Yes. Cruncher is pointing at your pterodin metal. Do you mean it was pterodin? Yes. How many of them? Two. Was one of them a minotaur? No, they were humans. Humans? But they look strange. Contra, why don't you come back on inside with me? Okay, I head back in. I I'm starting to feel I don't know. I'm a little uh concerned about what this means cuz either the either this means the the the worst case scenario in my mind is like the Pterodin have been infiltrated and someone who's actually Terterodin is working against us or there might have just been some people disguised as Pterodin or or soldiers within the Pterodin that attacked us. So I want to go back to that minur who seemed rather suspicious even though he said no that he wasn't the person who kidnapped him. He does seem like he may have been involved. I will say uh as you're moving back, you feel kind of thimble land on your shoulder and he's like, "Dude, that was so great." Cuz that like the kinku at first he was acting so shady, but then suddenly he's just like really into you. That was weird. I don't I mean I don't I don't know how you did that. Don't make me use it on you, sir. Yes, sir. I'm a charming guy at Thimble, but when I need to be when I solve problems on my own without the team around and they're not, you know, nipping at my feet making fun of me. No, no, you're This is like big boss energy. But here's the thing. Uh would wouldn't it actually be better if they like saw you doing like G? Like you want me to go get them? Uh yeah. Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah. And then tell me tell me how many cups are in front of uh Stone Beard when you get Stone Beard. Roll a d6 for me. Got you. Got you. Well, sure. Sure. Not a d20. Yeah, [Laughter] that is a sick. That's about I die for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Smash cut back to the bar. We got to go. Clammy, we got to give me a Give me a road cup. I'm pouring my cup into his last one here, man. How much time has passed? How much time has passed? Like seven minutes. It's been a long time. In mere minutes. We like just got here. Just yeah, just slamming these things. Uh although give me a con save. We've established Stone Beard knows how to hold hold this liquor. Let's see how far you've gone here. 12. Just enough to to wash the taste of meal worms out of your mouth. Stone Beard, both of you give me insight if you would. Insight. I got a dirty 20. Dirty 20. 15 total. Uh, I'mma give this to both of you because you know this guy, he he enjoys his cups, but like with everything going on, like he seemed to go straight in and was just pounding them in a way that it's a bit much even for him. Yeah. Is he okay? Well, he he's like the alcoholic one of the group. Yeah. I think something's wrong. Hey, that's number eight. He's going to feel ganged up on if we both copy anything in yours. What if we do like a good cop bad cop kind of thing? All right. All right. Do you want to be good cop or bad cop? I want I want to be good cop. You want to be good cop? Yeah, I think I want to be good cop. Okay. All right. Ready? Hey, stone bread [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What? I'm sorry for him. I'm sorry for him. Hey, Stone Beard. Sorry for calling you dude that one time, by the way. Uh, everything. Stop saying what? What? You just called me a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What do you It's It's He's It's just trying to be your friend. You look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's trying to fit. I look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You stink like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I stink like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, no. We like the smell of your It It's good poop. It's like smell under your shell. Tell me what it smells like. Are you all right, man? I feel like you're drinking a lot more than the normal alcoholic drinks, which I don't think you're I don't think you're an alcoholic, but Listen, tell us what's on your weird mind. You have PTSD. Why are you freaking out all day? Yo, can I ask you a question? Yeah, man. What's up? Do you have nipples? I I wonder if turtles have nipples. I'm going to I'm going to stack onto that dirty 20 you already got. That bothers him like oddly. No, no, I don't have nipples. Why would you say that? I'm just asking question. I don't know about turtle torals or whatever the I stand in front of you guys all the time. I don't know under I thought that was armor. I thought underneath I it's there's no nipples. No one had them when they were younger. I feel like I don't know. I feel like Okay, I'll trust you. I I am sweating buckets. Uh, guys, I'm fine. Was it the bang? It was being that close to death. I thought I was ready for it, but I don't know if I I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hey, well, he's dead all the time. I'm also scared. I got scared, too, man. But I'm not supposed to be scared. I've been there before. When you're scared, Stone Bread, we'll pick up the slack. That's what scares me. Well, that's a we're all you got. Well, let's get out of here. I'm just realizing, by the way, earlier I saw I saw the princess. What? What? I I I heard what she said. She said she was getting like carried away by something or someone. The moment you say that, Ran, Thimble appears on your shoulder and he goes, "First of all, great team meeting. Hey, Leonas figured out that the princess got carried away." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we know. We were just saying Thimble. Yeah. No, no, he was like, "It's been great." Like, he did this whole investigation. He's going to be so excited to tell us and then we're going to be like, "I know. Let's go." Symbol. Symbol, by chance, did he come to the conclusion that it might have been two human terodin by the name of Riley and Bjorn. You have immaculate notes. I don't I I don't think he got like names, but he knows the name. Well, but he knows where they are. You know, you know what? I screwed you guys. He's out there. He just disappears. All right, let's let's let's let's see what he's got. Uh Leonus, on your way back towards the Minotaur. I'm going to say you encounter your party. This is the first you all have seen in the kinku. Again, it's a kinku you've seen around. Uh but you see, he very much like keeps like looking at Leonus when Leonus isn't looking and like smoothing his feathers down. I go, huh, Kinku. Guys, guys, this is my uh this is Cruncher. This is my Kinku friend. I figured it out. I figured it out. The the two humans, two humans dressed as Pterodin. Could be actual Pterodin. Not sure yet. Talked to Aai for a while. Not sure about names. Not sure about names. We still got to talk to maybe a few people about names, but talked to Cruncher. He heard a bunch of stuff and and so we know we a lead. I got a lead for you guys. That's great. He's talking about R&amp;B. He's talking about R&amp;B. Leon, Leonas, just if you would for uh Cruncher, you've been in the Nexus for a while. Do you perhaps know if these two humans were Riley and Bjorn? He opens his mouth and you hear a man's voice say, "Hey, I'm Riley." Yeah. And I'm Bujorn. And he just like nods. Yeah. We already knew and we found this out. And we also got Guys, guys, Leonus, you did great. To find that out on your own was amazing. Cruncher, why didn't you tell me their names? Did you ask? Cuz I asked Calamity. You You see, Cruncher just very much just kind of like takes his hands on the side of his beak and just sort of like holds it closed and like looks down. I'm sorry. Then he like then he like looks up again and he go and he grabs you by the by the wrist again and he says, "Wait, let me show you. Show me. Show me." Yes. Where? Yes. Where? Where are they? He he wants to lead the way. Yes. Has he really not figured out the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the whole repeating thing yet? That's what kinkus do. So Leon, if you don't know, Kinku actually can't speak. They uh I am not stupid. I repeat my things. Yeah. Kind of kind of put my hands down at my side with a little bit of I'm trying to like flexing my fingers and a little bit of like thunder thunder electricity coming out of the hands. I just Yeah, let's follow let's follow Cruncher. Hold up. Cruncher, can you sing that song I like? What's uh two things? Uh you see he looks at you and he opens his mouth and you hear Sanca's voice say, "Excellent work, soldier and he just like gives you two thumbs up and then he turns and he looks at you and he opens his mouth." What is the song that comes out of his mouth? I I was hoping you would I would do the hard work. I was like legally distinct here. You know, some R&amp;B. It's not they not like us, it's they are like us. It is expressly about how we're all the same. It's sort of like a um it's like an accordion uh version of Confessions by Usher. However, wow, that's that is a that is a deep cut. However, when he opens his mouth, it's not just the word. It's the accordion, too. It's like literally a recording of a bar singing. That's why I asked essentially as uh uh he he is walking through um but he is guiding you towards something in Leonus. You feel it is in the same direction of where you felt the like wonky teleportation uh magic that had been used. All right. All right. I have one more thing. I have one more thing. I have one more thing. I I you guys know you guys know how I can I sense te teleporters like at different distances. is I can if they're close enough I can point in the direction of the teleporter even if we can't talk about it all the time. You don't have to say it that long. It's a valuable tool. It's a val. Can any of you guys do that? I can't. If I rolled high enough, I could I could eat the roach. Don't Okay, but there's there's something different today. There's something different. I can feel I can feel a a a teleporter nearby. Not the hundreds in the Nexus. I know you're going to say that, Gorg. It's not the hundreds in the nexus. It's a different one. It feels It feels shaky, corrupt, and it and it's and it's kind of close by. A temporary portal, I think. So, is did you just make that? I don't know. I'm drinking a little bit. You just make that probably. We tried to stop that from happening, but it'll be like that for a bit. I can I can I try to Can I try to soothe Leonus? He's freaking out. I want to hug him. I want to calm him down genuinely. Hang on one second. Give me a charisma save. Stone beard. Temporary portal. Mhm. I roll a 10. Perfect 10. Not 10. How is Stone Beard feeling? Just kind of on the surface. Not like way deep down. I I I feel a little buzzed. Not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you. I drank more than I should have. philosopher. I was a bit rattled from my nightmare and I've been trying to drink it off, but honestly, like 100% transparent, Gorg's nipples has just been in my mind all day. All day. And I I thought the beer would get him out. I can't get him out. E Leonus, you feel a thimble land on your shoulder. And he's like he's like hard to read this time, but he's like really trying to avoid looking. at York's chest like he very much is like his eyes are up here his eyes are up here like like what is that about beautiful sky out man and I'm just like kind of holding my trident like up like like unconsciously like I too am like trying to like hey guys I I'm know I'm frustrated but Somir's a perceptive guy I'm sure there's a great reason why why he's looking at Gork's chest they did great You did great. Look, I I know. I know. So, give me persuasion. Persuasion. Yep. Cuz I look, I'm not a monster, right? Like Leotis, you're obviously freaking out. And I say, "Come here. Come here. Come. Come." And I roll a 17. So again, uh you you as a sea elf have free will. Come here. But it seems like he means it. Come here. Come here. Come here. I hug you. Walk forward, dude. Just give him a hug. I give him You give him a hug. Yeah, I give him I have to lean down to hug. The kinku like totally backpacks though. It's like kind of It's also tough cuz Gork's like I can't actually wrap my arms around him cuz it's kind of like Yeah. You're you're you're a bit of a truck. What What is Didn't we establish you're like 5 foot but 450 lbs? He's definitely dense. Yeah. Do you feel anything pressing up against us? Is there anything? I'm doing this. What? Leave room for Jesus. Leave room for Horizon for Horizon when you're What does the Kinku say? Sorry, stupid. The the the kinku you just hear like nice. This is nice. You know, but I feel like we glossed over something. Didn't the kinku say something about Sanc Kofa or like have Sanc Kofa's voice say right over here? That's really important. And I'm hugging I'm hugging Leonus. The kink is kind of like rubbing my back. That's fine. It's all little kinky hands. And then I'm like, as I'm hugging Leonus and I say, "It's all right. Everything's gonna be okay." And I go, "And then I'm like, it's all right. Everything's gonna be okay." Guys, Kinku, didn't did you say Sanc Kofa was talking to somebody? Can you play back what Sanc Kofa was saying? Good work, soldier. Good work, soldier. He didn't say that to us. No, he doesn't call us soldiers. He calls us badass pterodin operators. badass pterodin operators. Uh as as one of the perceptive ones, do do I know anything about that seeka do anything? Sofa, who is Sanc Kofa talking to? So again, uh he's definitely one of the ranking officers. The fact that he's basically just telling somebody good hustle is not necessarily that anomalous. Okay, cool. A lot of people report to him. Like it it's not unusual that if somebody did a good job, he's like, "Hey, good work. Good work, soldier. Something's wrong. Something's weird. Something's He never says positive things to us. He's been such a dick. He didn't say that to us, but I don't know. He says it to other people all the time. I think we should just go check out the portal. Let's go. Let's follow the Kingu. Let's follow the portal. And you know what? You are doing great. That's all I'm going to say for all the whole day. You will you hold on to that. Leonus, give me a survival check. Survival far as a stand portal. We've gone four feet. It's true. Uh survival seven plus. This is one of the worst dice to roll. 13. That dice is Is it loaded? 33 years old. Oh wow. It's so hard. It's one of the first dice I ever slime almost. Yeah. That is like one of your your baby toy dice. Um what did you get? Sorry. There's a 13 total. It's difficult because again, this is a very welltraveled area here as you're trying to to get through. It is not that there's uh a bad side of town because again, it's like a military base, but I mean there's definitely on the strip, off the strip, you kind of get back into the alleys, you get further back off the beaten path. Um all of you give me either perception, investigation, or survival, whichever is higher. I've investigated and I have a 21. Excellent. I roll so hot today. Oh, 22. Uh, get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Eye perception 24. You know, uh, you guys kind of come in here and and it all kind of kicks in all all at once. Uh, 17 is you are following along kind of like figuring out where you feel this um, wonky teleportation magic. Leonus, everything is kind of pointing in in the same direction as you guys are looking. you Stone Beard. Stone Beard, I'm going to say um Coots kind of like hops down uh and is looking around and she kind of moves off the beaten path a little bit in there behind some crates that are stacked up. She finds a shoe, a woman's shoe. Woman's shoe. Mhm. That does look like what Princess Selenia had on. Coots, bring that here, guys. going over with a shoe in her mouth. Look, it's a shoe. Oh, no. Oh, I mean, I It's an investigation. Dude, weird. I'm glad no one saw it. I won't tell anybody. The king just opens his mouth. It's not weird. And then also like Don't be You're an honorable man. Don't smell the princess's shoe. And we've told you about that. No, this is not Don't make it a thing. What information did you get from smelling the shoe? It smells like a woman's foot. Okay, that's a start. Now I kind of want to smell. Oh, did you want to get a hit of the shoe? Now that I know it smells like that. Gorg, give me the shoe. Uh, you all are continuing kind of heading down this way. Um, Gorg, you almost feel like stuff has been knocked over on purpose. Like even as at first you're kind of like, oh, just it's kind of an alleyway, but it's almost like if somebody's being dragged, how they're like trying to like uh knock things off of ledges and knock over boxes and stuff like kind of force a trail. Guys, there's so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everywhere. It is not wellkept. I think there there something is telling me down in my heart down to my chest or my heart my head actually up up from my chest right it just feels like there there's a struggle here there's a shoe there's a struggle I pull out my great ax of warning it doesn't rattle I like how you check stone bread you see cruncher opens his mouth and looks at you and you just hear a woman's voice say a wish is a dream that your heart makes. Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this guy? Leon's friend. Why are you always bringing weird friends? He was I I think Cruncher's a interesting guy. Cruncher has given us a lot of good information. We know that she was dragged away because Cruncher told me that that he saw it. This is where And they look weird. And Riley and Bejorn look weird. Riley. No. Well, they don't look they look normal. Yeah. Yeah, they just look like dudes. Like you've seen them like they're just guys. Like you wouldn't describe him as weird. I I I mean if we're being cruel, Riley does have that scar, but he just like points at his eyes. Weird. He had weird eyes. Yes. Were they a color? Yes. Red? No. Blue. Uh he sort of like looks at all of you. Purple. Yes. Purple. And you might recall the woman you were fighting had glowing purple eyes. Yes. It reminds me of Kett's triga whose name technically you never asked but yes check notes from Sanc Kofa when you get drunk smash cut to Sanc Kofa I must remember to tell them but her name was Kat Strega wait I'm a wizard and all of you were like cocatriga where is the portal do you feel it in your in body Leonus how does it work You do feel it, Leonus. But as you're walking along, you just come to a wall. It doesn't make any sense. It's just like you just come to a dead end where I'm going to give your perception check. Switch to a hidden door. All the rest of you just see a concrete wall. Wait, wait, a new perception check. The one you cuz I didn't tell you what you found. No, no. From the perception check you did, you know that there's a hidden switch on the wall. Oh, okay. That but me the Oh, I know this one. Okay, Leonus, you have to run at this wall. Yeah. Hey, shut up. What? I hit the switch. Yeah, immediately. It just And it looks like it makes no sense. Just like one of these random bricks. He just sort of like pushes it in and turns it. And you see like you're going to have me run into the wall. Yeah. Back in my day, you ran it at full speed. Yeah. There's just a switch. Man, what do you think? You think we're going to You think we're going to boarding school? Never if I did it to be honest, but it would be funny if he did it. And as this passage opens up, you can see that it is like very just rough hune kind of like hacked out of the rock on the other side and your axe does start to rattle. But just gentlemen, prepare yourselves. Kingoot, are you a fighter? No. Don't follow us anymore. And it looks at Leonus and it just goes, call me. Uh and and it it turns and um uh it looks at all of you and it says, "Would you like me to tell anyone anything?" What's what's the most important thing that you heard? Leonus, you did a good job. I got a message [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bird. Uh uh this is for Sanc Kofa. I see you in your winter. I watch you when you sleep. Dude, that lowkey sounds good. He'll know what it means. That's beautiful. See you in your window. I see you when you sleep. That's perfect. Cruncher. Cruncher. Trust me. He'll know what it means. It's a him and Sofa. Imagine if we take this. Are we confident before we leave? Are we confident we trust Sanc Kofa or not? What? Of course. No, of course not. Great wizard. The disparity in responses. I have known Sanc Kofa for a hundred lifetimes. That's not true. We don't have a choice right now. That's the thing. Okay, Cruncher, you need to tell Sanca, besides that beautiful song, you need to tell Sanca that the Pterodin may have been infiltrated and the people who took the princess are dressed as Pterodin. No, the Pterodin may have been infiltrated and the people that took the princess are dressed like Terodin. No, but what if what if Sanca is on the bad side? He's not. But now, but now he's going to know that we know. Stone Beard says that he's not. Oh, okay. So, Dad says he's not. I know you think he's your father. He's cruel. I like that guy. Tell tell Sopha we have a lead. That's it. We need to keep it a little concealed from him. And then we'll we'll shake him down when we see him and we'll say, "Sancopa, do you know anything?" And there's four of us and there's one of him and he's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. He's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. So, we just beat him up. Don't say Kofa. He's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. [Laughter] Oh, one one v one. He's really um as you all are standing there and you see Cruncher kind of like looks both ways and kind of hightails it out of there. Um, the last thing that I'm going to say, as this door opens up, you see on both sides of this passageway, what at first looks like a cross or a plus, but as you're looking at it, you remember Coat Strega miraculously uh kept talking about we who stand at the crossroads. She said multiple times she mentioned the crossroads and it looks like there's these crosses or crossroads that have just kind of been carved into the wall in the dirt. I would like to summon my Eldrich Cannon flamethrower edition by my side. Mhm. Just for protection. Uh what does your Eldridge cannon look like when it comes out? It is a brass rusted over a bit. It's been a while since I cleaned her. gone into that hood and you just see a pilot light that is beautiful pink. Perfect. It's pink. It's beautiful pink pilot light. The rest of it's brass in in with a vein. Perfect. Uh I will say two things between your acts of warning. You know there is something hostile in this tunnel. You Leonus also know the source of the teleportation is in the tunnel. Well, I I pull out my bow and that the tunnel's dark. can't see anything like just by this is like pitch black. There's no source of light. Can I shoot my uh dragon wing long bow like fire one of my bolts down the tunnel to like light it up? You can, but it'll you give me with disadvantage. Okay. So that means roll twice and take the lowest. Okay. Uh five. Uh you all see the arrow kind of goes actually quite a ways. You're pretty good at this. Um, and as it goes down, you see two piles of what look like clothes on the ground. Uh, but again, it just as fast as the arrow flies over, it's hard to see, but it's like two piles of clothes. And then it keeps flying and just disappears. Not like fades out, not trails off, not hits like goes goes goes, and it's just gone. Well, I thought that would work better. I did not think the tunnel would be that long. All right, plan B. I want to roll athletics to charge as fast as I can down this corridor. The tunnel saw. Absolutely. Yorg. Oh my goodness. Everyone shut up. I rolled a nat 20. So did they. So what you all see? Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is Leroy Jenkins, right? just like whip out the trident and goes and you all see from the ground those piles of clothes start moving and it is terod and uniforms but also skin human skin comes up and all over Gorg and wraps him up like a cocoon like Jesus Christ and Yeah, they look like this. They're boneless. Oh, and all of you roll initiative. However, you are going to take some damage from that attack. I roll not my that 20 don't mean anything. You know what? I'll give you the net 20 for initiative. However, Gorg, you are going to take some damage from the boneless. Even Even a perfect roll doesn't help a bad game plan. That's not true. It's true. 10 points of bludgeoning. Uh, and you are grappled and wrapped up in a fleshy cocoon. Like a big tortal ball sack, dead flesh. Uh, and you will see this like like a like a o octopus wrapping around. It looks like Gorg's in a ball sack. He looks like a he looks like a hot pocket. Bull sack. Help me. Gorg, I'm going to give you that natural 20 for your So, you will be first, but let me get this from everybody. Uh, Rome, uh, 17. I was about to say somebody else might get a natural 20. Stone Beard 17. I assume Ran is the faster higher decks between the two of you. Yeah, probably. What's your deck? 16 plus three. That works, right? Damn, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh, Leonus 16. You all are fast. Perfect. Okay, Gorg, you are first. And these are definitely undead. They're undead, huh? Uh-huh. You said they're undead. However, because of the fact that you were grabbed by one, some some stuff's going on. So currently you are grappled and you are blinded which makes it hard to see. So you got a couple of options. Being grappled doesn't necessarily mean um you can't do stuff. Uh but it is going to keep squeezing and hurting you unless you try and get away from it. So you can uh fight from this position or you can try and get out. Can I ask a question really quick? Yes, absolutely. So I have a divine domain. So, I can choose a divine domain that grants me additional spells and other features related to my deity. And then it says grave domain. Two things you can do. I completely forgot about your cleric abilities, Ran. I apologize. You also have an ability to detect undead similar to him. Yeah. You have an ability to turn undead where like they can't be around you, but you can only do it once. And quite frankly, it's not the kind of thing you probably want to blow on two. Yeah. Yeah. You also have an ability called path to the grave. Uh because you are both a bard, a lore bard and a grave cleric. So the way the path to the grave works is you essentially let the next person hit super hard. I make the enemy vulnerable. Correct. To the next guy, which is a really great tag team move with him. Uh also Leonus does a guiding bolt. Uh it is slightly less effective cuz Stone Beard is more accumulation damage. He doesn't really have like a single like cannonball type thing. Uh but those abilities that you you possess. Okay. And to be clear, there are two of these things. One of them wrapped up Gorg and is squeezing him. And the other one is just like um uh this boneless set of skin and uh wardrobe uh that is coming towards you. So I probably had a sense that these things were here too as we were like arriving cuz they're unad. You didn't simply because we didn't say that you did. It is something you you have to consciously try. Okay. Okay. That being said, your your turn. I I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm in a bind right now. I am just going to I'm just going to attack. I don't care. I can tank this HP. You guys can figure it out, but I want to attack the guy who's sucking my soul. Got a cash out. Roll your attack, but you roll with a disadvantage because you were blind. Which one? So that means you roll two d20 and you take the lower because you were literally wrapped up being squeezed by this. And Ron, you will be on deck, dude. No, I roll a one. Oh, so this goes terrible. Uh, Gorg, you tell me what happens. I got an idea, but I'm going to let you tell me the idea. I reach for my trident. This thing is like grabbing me. I'm kind of in a way I'm happy that he's covering up my chest area, so it's like hard to focus on that. Uh, I don't have nipples. And and I'm I I reach for my trident, but it just keeps slipping off cuz the grease of the of the corpse, man. It just greases it. It's all fresh, too. Like it's fresh blood. And I'm just like reaching and trying to like catch touch my greasy trident. It's not working. However, you do have a second attack. So the first it's it's hard to get in the game, but same can be disadvantaged though. Eight. Same. You will see the trident just like shoots out and just like goes back in and that's it. There's like it just sort of like Yeah. Stone Beard. Stone Beard, I'm going to need you to sober up a little bit. We need to get Gorg out of this undead scrotum because Gorg's useless right now. Rome, your turn. Okay. I want to run up and try to cut him out. Okay. Yep. Have at it. 22. uh does more than enough to hit it. So I roll for damage. Yep. Yeah. Know again if you get a 25 on the die. All right. Uh you do manage to stab at it uh and not stab Gorg, which you're inside and you just see like his like jagged nasty blade kind of come through there. Perfect. All right. Uh anything else bonus action or anything? Uh no. I But can I describe it? Absolutely. Yeah. So, I run up and I I do like a big swing like to you guys it looks like I'm just going to cut right through Gork, too. And I go and right when I get close, I give it the slightest little angle and I go, "Yep." And it just dodges him. Yep. Smells terrible. I gag. The end of the tunnel. You guys hear? [Music] and you see two freshly skinned human bodies kind of come shambling forward. Uh yeah, no, I was just kidding. Okay, my bad. I wasn't trying to do anything. Uh so, uh unfortunately, Gorg, one of them knows how this works. Uh what is your AC? It is 19. Good news, bad news. Uh bad news, you're going to get hit. Good news, they don't hit terribly hard. So, one of these things comes and again, since Gorg can't get away, it very much just goes and just like slams down on you uh for another four bludgeoning damage. And the other one is going to come at you, Ron. What is your AC? 16. Uh, and just miss. But like as the fist goes, but like blood flings off of it. Blood coming off as it goes past me. I'm like Yeah. So, Ran, this is one of those things that you know is terrible PR for my because when people think undead, they think this. I know I keep saying dead people are chill and you guys keep getting bad examples. Oh, look. More of your friends, Ron. Yeah. It smells so bad in here. Can't you just tell them to like chill? It's like the one thing I really can't do. No. Wow. Oh, so they're they just are evil. Yeah. Yeah, they're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Like an ass, like a butt. So, Stone Beard, to be clear, it is your turn to be clear. One of them constricting him. The skin is basically creeping across the ground cuz it hasn't had a chance yet. And essentially the flayed bodies that the skin in costumes came from are up and fighting as well. But it is your turn. This group, because there are now four total skin bags. Yeah. And these two, are they all very close together? How wide is the tunnel? Uh, I'm gonna say we'll call it 10 feet across. Uh, and they're all kind of in front of you. But yes, one of the zombies is definitely standing directly over him. And then there's another one attacking him. Uh, yes. And then yes, they all are all kind of bunched up together cuz he did say he ran up and stabbed it. Do you guys trust me? I like I like me. I pull out from my uh fanny pack cuz I have one on me. It's like kind of like a cross body. Uh, my oil flask. Uh, it's one pound. You're bringing out your flask, too. You are wasted. Trust me. You're on deck, by the way. Leonest, I throw my oil flask. Uhhuh. Directly at the center of the group. Have to roll for that. Uh, depends on where where this is headed cuz I like it. I'm trying to throw that oil flask and then Eldrich can inflamethrower and burn everything. So, you guys are going to be caught in this. However, I'm going to say you will get uh advantage cuz he basically essentially is like duck. Like you see that he's about to what he's about to do. Gorg, you unfortunately are not so well off. Uh I just need to You're good. You're good. No, cuz I saw Ran and he was able to dodge you. I'll probably dodge you. So, unfortunately, because you are blind, you are automatically going to fail this. George, George, just look out for it. Think of something cold. Okay, so uh give me the Eldridge Cannon damage, but I will let you apply it to everybody. You or uh sorry, is it a save for that? Uh yes, deck save 14. Uh so you roll twice and you take the higher. Okay, roll one is seven. Two, you get two. Roll one is seven and I have plus six. So I rolled a not I wrote a one, but you get lucky you get it because otherwise you would have been like what? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh 16. Perfect. Uh, you tell actually Ran, you tell because it's about to go wrong, but then it goes right. So, you tell me what happens because you had a one together. Okay. Okay. So, so I uh I duck and I don't duck low enough. So, it's about to hit me. A part of me goes ghostly and it phases through. So, I do it the last second. I'm like, "Fuck." And go, "Perfect." However, this does not go well for you. Uh, so roll your 2d8 fire damage. So, does it get an additional boost because I threw oil or does it just hit everyone because I threw oil? Uh, I'll give you max. I'll give you the eight on one of the dice. So, just roll the other one. So, here you go. So, I wait. So, I roll just roll that one. I'll give you I'll give you eight plus. I see. I see. Three. So, 11. 11. And it hits and it hits five including But does Gorg get double hit or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No. No, you just take the 11. But how's Gorg doing literally in a hot pocket of baking und zombie place? Yeah, it just like it ignites. I'm like escape. Did he miss? Did he miss? Sorry. Now he's a hot pocket. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What? I thought he would dodge it. He said to trust you dodge ran. I don't know. I thought you see all four of these undead erupt into flames. They're still like it's flailing around and even the the flayed zombies like But they are still up. However, you've done a significant amount of damage to all of them. Uh, anything else from Stone Beard? I'll I'll just walk up close to Gorg just within, you know, maybe five feet. Sorry. Sorry. It's actually kind of starting to smell a little pleasant now because it's like cooking meat, you know. I'm cooking meat. Uh what I will give you that with the flamethrower though is as the flames light up the hallway and it's a little more consistent at the end of the hallway you can see that there is a gate like a literally like a portable gate has been set up at the end. Um and you can't really see through it but when you light up you can see that's what's at the end of the hole. You also can see clearly that there's nothing but these uh these things in here. Uh these essentially what were two people that are now four undead. Uh, Leonus, your turn. I'm gonna try some new stuff. I'm gonna try. I don't think this will hurt you. Okay. I will say the one that I mean, it's cut. It's bubbling. It's burning. I mean, like, you are it is being damaged by all this stuff. I think Ran Rome will probably cut you out. And uh I decide I decide I want to use Hunter's Mark on the undead body that has been beating down on Gorg from behind him. Perfect. It's sort of I it's not something that comes out of of an item and just like cast out of my hand. Uh kind of kind of a blue just like light directly like you'd see come out of a might like you might see come out of a wand. Perfect. I get a second arrow ready to go and I aim it at the same undead person behind slime. Roll it. And oh, what' you roll? What' you roll? I rolled a one. What does it look like? It goes poorly, Jonas. It goes poorly. This I I I I'm trying to impress my friends because I haven't tried this combination of spells in front of them before. So, the transition between switching between one spell and the bolt, I kind of flick out my bow like trying to do it so seamlessly and I just kind of fire an a bow the bolt into the ground and it fizzles out about about 20 feet away from the thimble's like that happens to everybody, buddy. That happens to everybody. Just get back in the game. Get back in the game. Get back in the game. We're ready for the new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I did I didn't see it didn't hit you. Is it like It's like a ground thing. You do have a second attack though. Take a quick a quick deep breath. Shoot a second shot. 13 + 10 23. More than enough. And uh I will roll my my damage. I believe I have an extra d6. Mhm. 10 damage. So you all see Leonus just sort of like, you know, like loses the first one and then pulls the second one and hits the zombie like square in the head and it falls back and starts to get up again. And I think as it starts to get up again, no, hang on. It's the undead's turn. I was going to say this is a great place for us to stop. Um, they're going to do some undead stuff. So, Gorg Gorg, how you looking over there? It look good. Unfortunately, it's about to get worse. So, Gorg, just hang on, Gor. Okay. Uh, first thing, give me a strength save. You're pretty chunk. Yeah, dude. You're pretty chunk. Uh, you would hope so. Is GJ also in there? Yes. But she loves fire. Yes, she Yeah. No, no, she's pretty pumped about it. That is all true. 14. That is actually enough. Gorg, as you feel this thing starts trying to squeeze and compress you, you all see it starts sliding in the direction of the portal with him in it like creeping away. Ran, you came closer to it. What is your AC? you will see uh the second mass of skin and uniform and goo wraps up around Ran also uh for five points of damage uh but pulls against Ran and you see it starts sliding down the wall uh in the direction of like trying to leave with the two of them. So I'm inside of it. You are inside of it. All right, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this. Get me out. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this. I like this. Do you like it in here? cuz this is what you are. No, I'm also in here. It sucks. And as you see these things trying to slide away with your friends as these skinless flaming zombies are lurching forward, that is a good place for us to stop. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. True.