 Wait, can I can I read a message from a from an anonymous employee? Sure. This is crazy person behavior. I almost sent you a video when I was leaving the other night. That's fine. Sincere sincerely anonymous. That's fine. You want to go eat? You can martinale famously you can't martinale because after like I think 14 hands you reach the GDP of like Colombia. The martingale has a limit and that's why it's a limit. It's a beautiful flawed system. That's why you always win with martingale. Go to the casino and try it out right now. Yeah. If you start with one, where does it go after like 14 permutations? Is it permutations? It's not that many. It's many. No. One, two, four. You I don't trust him. He's got a mouthful of bagel. When he's off a bagel, he has no logic, no framework. He's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off a bagel. 100 1024. Yeah. You know what I love about podcast is when we do math on we do math on on the do math on the yard podcast and then Yeah. A little over 8K. $8,000. It's not that much. I mean, like for 14 hands, like you're you're pretty unlikely to even get there. So, go try it at home. Okay. But do you know what you get if you win the $8,000 hand? You win the You go back to even. You get $1. You win your initial bet. That's the issue with Martinale is you'd risk 8,000 to win $1. You always win. Yeah, but you guarantee win. No, you never guarantee. You guaranteed? No, you you guarantee guaranteed it. No, cuz it's like a 99% chance. That's a guarantee. Okay. Well, 99% of germs on the Freze bottle. Yep. Have you pulled a knife in CSGO? Yes. 005% chance. What? No, it's not. Not if you martingale. Not if you Martinale. You see what I'm saying? It's Martin Gale. That's what Train's been doing. Train back to watching. Train's back and I'm back to watching. Dude, everyone's cracking cases like everyone on it. Why is like I've noticed that Nade shots in on this. Well, I think he was just cracking cases and then I think Nadshot or excuse me, Train gave him like part I think he had a $100,000 of cases and he's letting Nate shot open some Oh, he's letting him work through some of the I see. I see. He's It's like when you pay somebody to uh sit on the slot machine progresses, literally. Yes. Yeah. Because there's like the thing about CS cases, especially if you're streaming it, it's slow. Yeah. Yeah. They take a while. You can't You could like maybe multibbox. I tried to get Connor into it and we opened 10 cases and he went, "This is boring." What? Oh my god. He like plays gotcha games. Did you do it on the TV in front of everyone? We did it on stream in front of chat. I guess if League is right there. You know what it was? There was no like giant Yahi big titties flopping around on the screen. Yeah, that's cuz he plays gotcha. He plays Hawkeye. Yoai big titties arc. I It's Well, it's a new version of I'm sorry. I'm the progressive one here. Yeah. You know how they got big? You missed the whole Yahi conversation. They got big hands. Now they got big titties. Now they have big old breaths. This is real. This happened. You had a Yahi conversation. Yeah. Without you. Someone was running it down bot lane. We talked about ice cream. U we talked about awesome anime. Japan, Japanese. This is crazy. We all learned to speak it. Oh my god. Different dialect that you don't get. That's cooler. Uh that locals speaking concai. A little concai. Yeah. Hike. Hey, that's Sorry, that's an inside joke inside. Dude, I've been six since [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Master Baker. I'm over it. Yeah, you sound like butt. And I want someone to kill me. He kept he keeps going, I'm tan now cuz he's burned on his forehead. Oh, white boy got a tan. You're mad about it. I'm not. You cannot hold up that arm and say that. Oh, white boy got a tan. Y'all mad about white boy got a tan. He's beat red. You look like those You look like those fish that you can see their brains in. No, I don't. I'm not translucent. Dude, you look like Queso Eels. Okay, come on now. Take it back. You look like that. Whatever, dude. You look like that, dude. I look good. I I rode my bike at the beach yesterday. That's cute. I saw that on your Instagram story. I didn't even know you had a bike. It's not rent even his bike. No, it wasn't your bike. So, next time, maybe not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lie. I'm sorry for a second. Did you really think he loaded up two bikes and he said my bike just now? Yeah, but do a little bit of thinking. But he said my bike do some leg work. Yeah. Yeah. I rode a rented bike at the beach. It's just It comes out like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rotten milk. Wow. No, it's not. I think that's now that you got all that context. The story's drastically changed. Yeah, maybe that's why I got a tan cuz it was rented. Maybe that influenced something. Uh, yeah. Tan asterisk. Okay, hold on. Take it back. I'm tan. I'm not taking it back. I am the most I'm the most hand I've been in a while. I if you admit that you're a little bit burnt, I will handshake with you. I'm also a little bit burnt. Of course, it's part of the process. Say without the attitude. It doesn't matter if you're burnt, but you got to keep Hold on. I got to say without the attitude. It's going to take me a second. How do I do that? Wow. Um yeah, I'm a little bit burnt as well. That was good. That was good delivery. That was good delivery. I'll give it to you. I'm sick. I'm sick. Your girl is trying to gas you up. What's that about? What does that mean? She messaged me a picture of the flowers that he got her and he was like she was like he's leveled up since 1800 flowers and the and I will say that makes me feel worse if she just doesn't message you. The bouquet was breathtaking. Was it? It was a beautiful bouquet. What did you do? 1900 flowers. It was custom. It was clearly It was clearly a custom bouquet. I'll I'll show you guys. All bouquets are hand selected. No, I went to the place and I told them what to put in it. Okay. Yeah, that that that is way above and beyond. One time I went when we got that big wreath when we did the episode where you died. Uh I went to get that. It was $300. It was crazy. It was beautiful. What was it? Don't say h Don't say it's a beautiful bouquet. That's why it's too It's too many leafy green. It's It's too much Roma price check. This bouquet This bouquet is expensive. No, I think it's more. I would put it at like two 200 [Music] Well, his was 300 for the wreath when he died. So, two 250. Okay. Wow. Yay. Lewig narrowly wins. It was 220. 220. I mean, do you only spend $220 on your girlfriend? We have a Patreon that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big. 220 is so expensive for flowers. That is not a fair way to do it. Why is it not fair? You can't say we have a Patreon so big. I did not I I really The flower flowers are capped. Wait, Aiden, you met a guy with a neck tattoo? Oh yeah, last night. Cool. He met me at You know what he said? You know what he said, dude? Is he evil? I was waiting I was waiting for some food last night and he came over. He came over. He's taller than me. I know what you're going to say. And he said, "Hey, man." He's going to bring a load. Uh uh ate like, "Could I get a photo? I love lemonade stand." And then we took and then we took a photo and then he and then he said I uh I never listen to the yard but you know with it's it's nice to get to know you through this like new project and and I was like yeah yeah that's wait so back up. So this is a guy who likes Aiden through knowing Lewig. He said it's nice to get to know you through this new project which means he knew who he was. Well I think he doesn't watch the yard. He knows the yard exists. Yes. He's heard of the yard's existence but never watched it but is an avid lemonade sin watcher and came Oh, he's a twin. He streams on Twitch. Let's back up back to my theory. That's it. Let's back up back to my theory. What the theory? I'm I'm thinking Twitch. You know what it is? Santa J. You can give it to him. If anyone is a Twitch streamer and they come up to you and they say love your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they are literally lying. Look, he opened up with an evil laugh. So, I'm I'm taking full The guy had neck tattoo. That I think a cool fit. That I think is the the Let me guess. It was like a bird. Hold on. Or a rose. A bird or a flower? I guess it was lemonade stand. Is it just a lemonade stand? All old English on your neck. Did you just get fed that on X? No, cuz someone added the uh the Yard account and I just saw it. Do you call them lemonade stands? Yeah, Nick. It's a bird. I call it. You called it. It's a bird. It is a bird. Sounds awesome. Aiden, sounds like an awesome cool neck tattoo. But I will say this. I think the the ven diagram of guys with neck tattoos and guys that watch Lemonade Sand are like five guys max lifetime. It's very small. It's got to be really neck tattoos are in. It's a full neckt. Oh, maybe. Oh, it's a throat tat. It's a Sorry. Yes, it's a throat tat. Oh, it's different. So, it's a small little nect. Neckt's this. Throat tat is this. Yeah. Well, he was very nice. Well, I Aiden, I for one am happy for you. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate you. I'm the only one here who listens to Lemonade S. No, you don't. Yes, I do. He does. What? He does. He's an avid listener. He has critiques some certain episodes. Oh, interesting. And he knows which ones, dude. He was moped. Well, which one? He knows which ones. I don't even know. Wait, so you admit that you have stinkers sometimes? Wow. It's a new show. Who doesn't have a stinker occasionally? I think we've had zero stinkers in the past two years. Zero. Well, apparently Nick's also got a new pod. Nick's got a new pod and he told no one. He told us yesterday. What? Yeah, I know. I told everyone on the internet. That's crazy. Yesterday I told him. I knew. You didn't tell me. You don't listen. It's league week. Oh. No. Okay. But did this guy who just spent every waking minute of his life playing League for the last week? How come you guys don't tell me anything? You tell me anything. I can't believe I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tell. I got my 30 minute hubris. Why would you tell me anything? Hyper full poop. It's very clear that Nick's been working on this for a lot longer than one day or since League Week started and he didn't tell us. And we have to ask ourselves, gentlemen, are we out of the pyramid? I knew I told him, Aiden, are we out of the pyramid? Out of the wedding pyramid. I mean, we all getting collectively replaced by Alex. It sounds like Okay. He wants that man to be the base of the pyramid. He can't even read. I think I think the pyramid he's working. He's learning how to read right now. The pyramid is just going to be slime on all fours and Alex standing with a slant being the other two guys. Hey, do I look like an A dude? That's what he's going to say. And he will and he would everyone be like, "Yeah, I clicked I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clicked on on the first episode. I I clicked like clicked I just clicked in the middle of it to like I I want to see what it's like. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with our retention." And then the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that about? That is pretty dumb. I click it and then immediately the first thing I hear said is Alex is like, "Dude, I go to prison, I come out Muslim." I Yeah, it he is he is funny cuz you hang out with him and if you could just like select one sentence of the day you hang out and then put it like on a fridge magnet. Yeah, it's always pretty good. That's why he's good at tweeting. What's your goal with the pod? With the new pod? I don't really have one. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around. It's just fun to do. Why Why Call of Duty, dude? What do you What do you mean? For all the obvious reasons. Cuz it's an Xbox 360 summer and he loves it. Yeah. It's nostalgic and fun and it's reminiscent of like old COD commentary. We basically stole the idea from Schlatt. It's weekly slap which he stole from every other COD commentary. It is so really what you mean? I don't even think it's related to outside of Call of Duty. Yeah. No, I think I think a candy like casual or candid conversation set over Call of Duty gameplay is the right. Schlot is like the only the big difference is is that his is like people write in and he responds to the writings. Is yours pre-recorded or post? Like that's another difference is that we do the commentary while we play. He does it after. Yeah. Uh but it's like the vi it's the aesthetic. It's like the thumbnails are very similar. It's just like a screenshot of the game and it's like we were going to do I I I'm interested on your wein. Uh because you you mentioned on your league stream that you had ego death when it comes to usernames. How it doesn't matter. What do you mean? Uh, well, I was telling Cutie about this because I think like three years ago she wanted to change your name from Cutie Cinderella and I said, "No, don't do that. It's bad for SEO." And then she brought it up again and I forgot that conversation. I was like, "Oh, yeah, change it. Why not?" And she's like, "You told me not to." I was like, "What? You do this a lot?" Yeah, I do. I do. This is a classic way. Well, I'm strong in my convictions, but I'm also able to change my mind. Well, it's more that people come to you for like ideas about strategy or or like being because you you you made it. You're gigantic. And then you'll either say, "I don't know." Or you'll say something and then three years later be like, "That was that's dumb actually." And that's very real. But people come to you for consistency, love. Oh, yeah. But I'm not. But sometimes I am. Sometimes I've had the same idea twice. Yeah. And then then I know it's a really really good idea. But it's like two different people coming to the conclusion. Yes. Uh but yeah, I I brought up how uh I rewatched a video I made with Technoblade like I don't know four years ago or something. Yeah. And in the video we're talking just shooting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he asks I asked like what Technoblades from. And he tells me it's like he stole from some kid when he was seven. And then he was like, "What's your first game tag?" I was like, "Lood 31." He's like, "That's sick. You should make that your YouTube URL." And I was like back in the day. I'm like, "Is that not bad for SEO?" Have we considered the search results? It's funny too cuz like as a as a young Minecraft YouTuber he is like he knows like golden toms like you in that in that ideas arena you are coming to him like what do we learn today like I how do we tap into the minds of the youth today he's the authority there and he told me uh at the time he's like nah you should just change it it's iconic like it just you know kind of rules and uh but I didn't really take it too like seriously but I rewatched it and I was like no he is right like it kind of rules to do what you personally think is awesome. And it's already been stolen. Yeah. As as of I own it on a second channel. I tried to change it. I can't. Okay. I need to log in to the second channel, which I just don't have anymore. Oh, I'm locked out of one of my old channels cuz of that. It's the I think it's the channel where I uploaded like the Family Guy uh behind the scenes table read of a Blue Harvest. Right. Right. Right. Right. uh which was my first YouTube video ever. But yeah, I I trust Well, I think it's Are you not in a privileged position because like because you kind of have a giant channel now you can say like, "Yeah, just do what you want, bro." When it's like I don't know. It's harder for someone who's like, you know, struggling and making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] videos to Yeah. But like I don't I don't think that I think if you're then the guy's just making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that there it is. Love 31 Family Guy Star Wars episode 6 years ago. 15 years ago, dude. That is half my life ago. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? That's crazy. It gets worse. It gets worse the more you age. Well, actually, it'll get better because it'll be a third of my life. It's a little more of half. How many YouTube channels have you had lifetime then? Have you It's four. How many How many YouTube channels have each of you had along the way? 10. Oh my. Like if if every single one counts. Like 30. 30. I've had at least 10 to 15. Three. Oh my And one of them, my friend Eric said something really racist in the comments of a sinbad video. And it wasn't me, I promise. But he's on your account. He was on my account, dude. But I promise you it was not He is Mexican. So he said the word that Mexicans are allowed to say about sinbad. And it's pretty hard in the brain. And it's somewhere should stay in there. It's somewhere on the internet. But it wasn't you. I promise it wasn't me because he, you know, he said that a lot. Yeah, cuz he could. He could. And I didn't because he was my friend and I knew that was a line and you couldn't. And I But we were, you know, on the computer watching it sin back. I think we get it. I think we get it. We're good. You're safe. Well, I brought up the ego. I kind of we're rehashing the primo, but I uh I brought up the ego death thing cuz me and Alex were debating if we should title the the the videos um like a funny like ominous thing that kind of like not ominous but like uh thing that Yeah. Yeah. that like relates to something we talked about. So like one example was he complained about how he hates all GameStop employees. We're going to call the episode like GameStop employees are lost because it's kind of funny to see that like vague sentence on like a picture of like the Call of Duty intervention and whatever. I thought it was like maybe it would maybe lead to people actually clicking on it. But he wanted to name every episode the word of the day, which I thought would not work as well. It would just be a word. Just it would be like whatever the word of the day was. Like whenever we recorded like the word was sumptuous and so the title is sumptuous. Oh yeah, that's horrible. Yeah. No, that's genuinely bad. But authentically, like like pure poop. Yeah. I mean like like nasty from a butt kind of. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. I think it'd be like it'd be like titling video moon phases but like different phases of the moon. Big waning gibbus. Well, then you Okay, that's heat. No, that would just be like a bit you get a bigger female audience. You just get like all these girls watching. Uh no, but uh I I I chose to go his way because I thought it was a good exercise of saying if the Yeah, cuz I got I thought it was a good exercise of, you know, let the let the chess speak for itself if you I mean, hey, you get to see now. We'll see. Day one was excellent. That's the pleasure. That one was great. That's the pleasure. The I I I just imagine it'd be really confusing because to remember the episodes, you would have to like learn it's like a new language. It's like in Pokemon Gen 3 with when you have to learn the Reggie Rock language cuz you're just going to have to remember the sumptuous episode. I got to figure out how how people know which one's which. It's so confusing. No, I think that's part of the the cool like apocrypha of I what what it is is it's it's just the old world. That might be one of the episode names. It's the way YouTube used to be. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't tell it to happen. And that's cool. And I mean, maybe Yeah, maybe it'll be like, you know, like I can recall FaZe, fakey, Got Game 31 to 33, which cuz I I remember those were good ones. Yeah, I think maybe some people two years down the line will be like, "Oh my god, Sumptuous and Apocrypha were such bangers." Yeah. And if you that literally I had this whole all of this happened in my mind. I mean, that is cool. Yeah, that is cool. And Alex is thinking about it no more than just like it's funny to him. Yeah, there's a purity to that. And I think it's also a fortunate position cuz like you don't need this to pop off. You can just have people watch it that are like like you. I'm also a YouTuber now. Do you know? I do know that. I do know that slime posted on You saw You saw Jin. You saw my post. I subscribed to you, man. You subscribe to Yes, I subscribe to you, man. You subscribe to me. I watch a video for a bit. Yeah. And just enough to torch the algorithm. Why'd you do that? Well, I needed to click out quickly so it would do bad. So, I got my 10 accounts. Yeah, I just lemonade stand once a week. Yeah, we do that. We got Come on, dude. Come on, dude. We got a whole counter. Uh, yeah. I I uh I saw So, I made a community post and he was like, he was like, I don't know, sometimes maybe I'm in my head about this content creation stuff, but you know what? I just want to do things that I like doing and it's kind of cool that you guys like that, too. It's true. And and you know what? It's true. And you're doing it and it's doing great. It's true. Just good. Yeah, bro. He's the white northern lion. You are. I love like he he really did inspire me. I'm not kidding. Just like looking at the way he just does what he does and then you can just do what you do. And if you're funny, people watch you. And if you're not, then that's fine, too. It's again very fortunate cuz some people struggle and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they get 10 views a video and then they quit. It's like, yeah, for sure. Yeah. Most people struggle uploading like continuing on like like on the hundth upload. Yes, that's really hard. I mean, but some of us can't all get 10 top 10 salty ice climber moments right away or Family Guy Table. I know. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whole bang timeless content. Uh yeah. Well, one day you think we'll all be as big as love one day. Um yeah, I think I would need to. Why' you say it so genuinely? Cuz I think if you continue to upload you would cuz I won't. I'm 35 and it's not going to happen. If you just outlive me, you'll beat me. Well, I'm definitely outliving you. That's no question. I mean, in the YouTube sphere in the real world, I outlive you for sure. No, you don't. You have a three in your name. It's gone at the end. Easily outlive you. You're not outliving me. He's healthier, man. No, but he's a chess hole. That's kind of I'm not as strong. You're not strong or fast. I outrun you. The two metrics. You are the slowest on the show. But I'm way stronger. Are you the slowest on the show? M it's possible but I would I would put it to the test. We do need to do those. Yeah, we got to do a race. The Coline. No, no, no. We don't need to do that. We don't need to do that. There's also There's too many of us. We just have twice the amount of people we need for that. A double coline. NFL combine. Combine. Thank you. I appreciate it. Okay. I actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that up. I forgot the combine part. Combine sounded too short, dude. The NFL Coline. Dude, I got our outfits. We're going to do No, we're going to do the combine. Uh, yeah, the training. Yeah, we have to do this. I'm down. But all I'm saying is I think if I put money on it, Lwig out lives. Nick, I think you live. He's going to Dude, he's going to die in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] motorcycle accident at 42. He's more risky. Sure. It's It's It's I I think I I think I narrowly escape it and then I live a long life. Yeah. You narrowly escape it and then the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 40 lbs of ice cream you've had this week just kills you. Just raw raw one taps. You just just pure [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] diabetes. Job of the hut inside of your stomach ra such a bad influence. He's so You guys creamed this morning. Yeah. All you did was cream. Did you cream this morning? We creamed. I I I can't even remember how many creams I've had. I've lost track. We've had like four creams in the past 3 days. Tell me check. It's so disgusting. Let me check. Okay. Okay. Hey, it looks great. You're sucking though. You are sucking, bro. He's literally sucking. That looks like the Drake six-pack. Oh my god, that's a bad dude. The Drake six pack is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Yeah, it is. I was like, you know what? The internet loves a chew toy, but I looked I looked long and hard at his body and I'm like, it's just not right. It looks like when the Drewi like when Drewi wears the fake ass. Yeah. It's And he posted that. Drake uploaded that was like, "Look at my body." Oil, dude. He's cool. He's covered in oil. He's got too so much alcohol in a house built in I think the 1800s. But I feel like it's that's weird. No. What? To live in an old mansion and post your weird posting. Yeah. Posting your weird abs. Yeah. It's it's obviously it's it's weird. He thinks that it looks good. Who is it for? Like even if it did look good. I I don't know. Some people like to feel themselves. If you if you are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jacked, you take a picture of yourself and you feel good when How old is Drake? I don't think I I I hate this argument. 38. No, he's 40s. Not. He's really not really. He's mid high 30s. I think he's 39 or 40. 40. 42. Show me Drake. Zipper. Survey says, "How old is Drake?" 38. 42 all day. Drake is 42 years old. 47. He was born in 1983. Show me 37. Boom. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But that beef is aging him like Obama. Real. He's got the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grays now, dude. I can see. That's why he's That's That's why he's posting because of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kendrick. Wow. Kendrick and him were born the same year. Yeah, they went to high school together. They they were they were best [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friends, bro. Canada though. Best friends like Deft and Faker. They met each other at Young Business Leaders of America. Yeah. In a conference in Toronto. They were also at MLG Anaheim 2014 with me. I got to show you. He really started with Deg Grassi. Uh yeah, you could be a rapper. Um you could make a similar transition. You missed the window. I don't think I could be a rapper. Yeah, you could. I mean, Jack Harlo made it and he's Yeah, Jack Harlo made it. No, he's kind of actually The secret about Jack Harlo. I'm going to get a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for this. I feel like he's kind of good. I feel like he gets so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nick is on this but he's fine. Nick is on this Justin Bieber tip cuz he saw Doat song's great. He saw him doing push-ups in the hood and now he's like Bieber's the coolest guy ever. Bieber is the coolest guy ever. What am I on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] planet crazy? No, he's kind of right about that. Bieber is cool. What are you looking at? I'm getting some zipper, bro. I I think that you're smoking crack. No, dude. They're they're the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] white boys of the summer. Jack Harlo Jack Harlo is not the white boy of the summer of 2025. They're not 2025. His summer was probably like 20 I feel like women have run summer for the past like 5 years. I don't think there's been like a white boy of the summer. Shanks. I thought it was Shanks. Shhanks was definitely had it, but how long ago was that? That was three years ago. And then we lost it. The women have taken over this cuz we had a Sabrina Carpenter summer. We had like probably like a Charlie XCX summer. Yeah, you're right. Remember, we haven't had a man summer in a while. It was a brat summer and now it's Sabrina summer. Make it an eight shot summer. 2016 we had Frank Ocean summer. Make it an eight shot summer. We're all open. Count on Oakley shades worldwide. Yes, sir. Uh, yes sir. It's an eight shot summer, dude. Also, I was wondering is do you think Train has cracked the most amount of cases by hand as a human? No. Only pixel. Yeah. No, I think Train beats him for sure. I don't know, man. What? I think so. Trains. Yeah, like Tra's been doing it for a decade. Ony's got been he's been at it for so much longer. It's just also Oni doesn't have as much money. Like I think Train literally has the most money though. It's time. Like they both have enough money to be cracking cases every moment of every day. But Oni Pixel at points will like watch tournaments and play the game. And I think while he's doing that, Train is going plus one. Train is getting the edge. Do you think Train is cracking cases more or or raw casino gambling more online? Cracking cases more. Really? Oh, maybe I misunderstand that. I thought he was just gambling like on slots and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] more. You know, I think on like there's a crowd of the people who are like famous for being into CS skins like Onie. I feel like they crack less than people think because they they're also like curators and like collectors and traders. Like they they're like more embedded in like other aspects of the community. Whereas like I feel like Train Train boots up and he hits like he hits the slots, you know? That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, dude. He It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. We should put We should honestly get him like a like a brain scan and see if it fires different neurons like Alex. I bet he has like an Alex Honold level of no fear when it comes to these things. Wait, it tracks it on CS2 case tracker. Oh my god. That's just going up. That I I don't think that's real. But it just says two. I was like two billion is not possible. That's funny. Dude, I watched this uh I watched this video. It's how much downtime are in Zelda speedruns throughout the game by Bewilder Beast, who's he's a Twilight Princess runner. He's great. It's a gross amount, huh? Isn't it a gross amount? It's Well, he does it by percentage, but he actually breaks it down. What is downtime? All this stuff, but uh it's I and it's a great video, but it makes me apply that logic to how much time you could add up. Let's just say when the key goes in, right, of the case or how much time do you spend in between if your menuing isn't good enough at CSGO? How much time do you spend? Like there's all these little pockets that have added up to probably like actual days, which is kind of cool. Yeah. Like if you consider the amount of time ZFG has watched like the opening cut scene of Ocarine of Time and then you like it's probably more time than I have played League of Legends. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which is crazy cuz I've played a lot of League of Legends. Well, the beauty of Counter Strike is that it feels like there's no down time. Like, like the picking the case, that's part of it. Picking the key, that's also part of it. This is all a ritual. They made it. They [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up when the key goes in. That's where they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. You can't rotate the case anymore. And that's that was hard. I think it's European legislation. I was doing can't wiggle. I was doing that. Case right, case left, case right, open, wiggle, press the key slot. Aren't you, Dad? You're not allowed to wiggle the case. You can't have it, but we have this one rule. Also, now you can rent it. Okay, what is this? Uh, this is some big Reddit drama I was in if you guys hadn't seen it. Baker did what Lewig couldn't do. Baker started playing League for fun and he already has won five world champions ships. This is immensely better compared to what Lewig who was grinding this game uh has done cuz he has not even won Worlds once. Not to mention, Faker is also doing yellow [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like buying real estate, starring in ads, and practicing vain tumbles IRL. What do you think? This is such a massive post. Uh yeah, it's because somebody else made a post that said uh Dendy did what Lwig couldn't do and it came like like two weeks ago and it was massively downvoted but it basically said Dendi hit platinum in League and he was playing for fun. Dendi the Dota player. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's if you don't Yeah. Dendy like the like very Dendy one of the most famous Dota players of all time. I would have I wish I knew that. I would have loved to watch Dendy play League. Yeah. you played League and he was like he he was also doing fun stuff like Grubby like playing Vain Jungle and playing you know Shakes now. So they're making fun of that cuz it's like yeah obviously the Dendy guy beat Lwig obviously Lwig's not even [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] close. I I have a league question. Please after your league week. Yeah being in in one of the lanes of the world and no longer in in the jungle with your toys I mean candidly failing our mission. failing your mission. Do you have an a new outlook at all on League of Legends, on the on the rank platinum, on the roll jungle, on anything like that? I think I'm genuinely uh slow at learning. I don't think so. No, it takes it like just a small example like there's locket of salari and it heals you and your teammates, gives you shield for a brief period and it probably took me 15 games to recognize and be able to gain the mental stack to use it. I think I disagree. I think that you play on stream and you always have that like demon on the side of the screen which is chat and you also are like playing you're being Lewig on camera and that is stopping your learning. If you were sitting there grinding you would get that really fast. I don't think so. And I know it's less funny to say I don't think so, but I'm telling you the truth now. I'm just saying like cuz I've done games offline. Like I played Valerant a lot offline. I'm not bad at Valerant. I'm just not that good for the hours I've put in. Interesting. I think I just learned slow. Nick has said this. You think he learned slow? He said that he say you said that I was a lower Valerant like skill than I should be. 100%. Definitely. But part of it you just hold yourself back. Part of it you're just like, I don't want to think about my mouse pad. I don't want to think about the mechanics of this at all. I'm just going to rip the same sense I've always had. I'm not going to try new ones. Cuz when I'm in the game, I boot it up and I'm like, this time's different. I change your sense and give me one week with you. Diamond Valerant. You think? A week? Yeah. Wow. That's a bold claim. Uh, yeah. Wait, one week of training or you're he plays for a week and he plays Presumably. It'd have to be a week of training then. Week of training then he plays. Yes. Okay. Uh, yeah. I I don't I think I learned slow, but I also think League of Legends is easy. Okay. And I could hit platinum in every roll easily. Well, yeah, sure. I mean, Tyler 2. Tyler 2. Tyler 2. And it's not challenger, it's just plat. Yeah. Tyler, that's a funny idea. You hear about our race? Yeah. What What do you think of this? Let me let me paint a picture for you, please. Nick slime friends turn to enemies. The race to gold. Iron to gold race. Okay. Isn't this good? I think this is love. He goes top lane. I go mid. Yeah. Cuz I cuz I think we both agree that jungle's kind of a hack. It's bad for their girlfriends. Well, you do the the They hang out with each other. They keep each other company. Oh, like dogs. Like dogs. Like any animal capable of like any or friends. Human friends hanging out. Two puppies. And they're really cute. And they sniff each other's asses. It's part of a greeting. It's how they talk to each other. Dude, I'm not even Dude, I we we we do we joke about our girlfriends hanging out at VSSL and I VSSL. I came home to I I came home where VSSL was being hosted one evening. It was a VSSL night and it was a VSSL night and I'm not kidding. They're reading pages out of a book about periods. Like a big book about periods and and I was like this is come on. This is Were they practicing kissing too? This is fine. Like I'm It's like give me a fun fact, but this is what we make up what you guys do. This is like That's crazy. I mean, it's no different than if at PSL someone came with like the big book of penis. Yeah. And it was and we're just hovering over it just like laughing which is also something we would do. If but I think guys are just not proactive enough to go out and buy the book to even get the about penis. Yeah. It ends at the idea. Women do the effort of getting the book. Get the book, which we had I have to respect. You do have to respect it. Well, honestly, the truth is that PSL is a co-ed event. It is. VSL is no men allowed. It is. But at the same time, the ratio is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The ratio is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Don't get me wrong, the ratio is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And this the I think the historic skill that people have in Call of Duty ah also makes it very hard to enjoy cuz gets on the six. You're saying women are worse at video games. Is that what you're saying? Uh, Call of Duty specifically. Yeah, I think historically they play less Call of Duty. Wait, she she just happened to play Halo instead of Call of Duty. Yeah, but I think Call of Duty made itself I think Halo made itself more fun. Like I think it's like Valow and CS. Personally, I think they can do anything. And I I agree with Nick. I feel like I I'm taking Nick's side. I guess I have to be on the descending side to keep this going. Your girlfriend, I think she can do anything. I think she can do anything. I mean, essentially she couldn't. She carried my win streak. Really? She I mean she got two of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 10 wins. It's crazy. I I don't know how you keep pull I think they're pulling levers at Riot. This one I I don't believe. What do you mean? Not this Lewig's 10 in a row. Well, it was Mickey Mouse. We We cheeded it. You cheated it. We cheed it. Like we we should have lost a game where we had like this DCing Fiora top DC like 12 times, kept coming back and then we lost and we didn't count it. But that would have ended the streak. If you didn't count that, we did it legit. But I see. Wait, you got you didn't get to 10 though. We did 10 in a row, but we just like gave ourselves [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get out of jail free card because of you DC. Because if you were DC. Oh, but you did but you won every other one. Uh, including the good wheel spins to give us extra lives. Yes, I see. I mean, our actual record was like 10 and four. Oh. Oh. Still this is this is the Lion King. I'm saying it's Mickey Mouse. It's Lion King. Mickey Mouse. It's just not the same as Lion King one. But hey, it is what it is. You can't always You can't always hit the Lion King. The first one was a movie. It's It's okay to go straight to What's funny is I don't think the first one is a movie. I think what people think about is me hitting Plat was a movie, but the first one first league week we went 37 and 37. League week was bad. Yes, because it didn't. But people conflate league week with hitting plat, which is not what it was. It's true. League week we played 74 games, won half of them. The system was true. It was a perfect league month the first time, which I didn't like. I remember it was New Year's Eve. Ludwig is playing a game of Amumu and he's like, "This f I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate this game. this is the biggest waste of my time I've ever had in my life. And he's just clicking and screaming at the Baron. And I was like, yeah. And then what's crazy is that night at a New Year's Eve party, I was telling everyone that I want to go home to play League. And last night after league week ended, we were lying down. I was like, "Fuck, I should boot one up." Yeah, it's a it's it's crazy addictive crack. But anyway, race to gold. I love it. What? You love it? I love it. I think there needs to be a few rules. Excuse me. You need to do the Josh Miles rule. What's They said they agreed five games a day. No more. That way you guys have some sort of life outside of it. Uh I think you guys should do the same lane and you should agree on which lane it is. The same lane and you should both be doing the same lane because I think otherwise there's a little you know argument that it's like oh my lane is harder. No wonder, you know, like I have less it it it removes variables. I think you should just both have to play I feel like you could play mid or top and it would be fair. I feel like it should be the same layer because otherwise it's like we're trying to figure out who's fastest. He's running the 100, he's running the 200. You know, it's like it's a different it's a different game here. Uh I actually disagree and I think it's it it would behoove me to agree with you because I think top lane it would give one of us a head start. Is harder to I'd have to learn a champ to go top. I had to learn a new champ. Not neither of my champs go top. Race to go. Just start ADC. Neither of you done it. Oh, you're saying you're saying a new lane. Yeah, dude. ADC would be so gross. Oh, it'd be a challenge. Maybe that's what we do. We both learn a new role. ADC with support Phil. It's the one role. We're just already so bad that learning a new role is so silly. It feels like like we're already we're still at the bottom of the barrier complicating it for the content guy. I think it makes sense. If you guys are talking about like the you know that learning effect where you learn so much at the at the start and you think you're genius like if you consider your mid lane skills and your top lane skills like you're you're not that far away from where you are at ADC. like you'll learn a lot quickly. I I also think it would be fine. It's just it's a really frustrating lane. It is. That's the Yeah. So anyway, if we do this, I promise you guys we will not have Endless League conversations on the podcast. There's a third rule. Yeah. DND has to release first. Whoa. Okay. I'm looking forward to this in what, 2027? 2028. Bring it all on. That'll be sick. What else you got? Nick dropped a podcast before D and D. Yeah, they do be saying that. They do. in the offse. But we can we say it. Can we say we set a deadline? Did we? I didn't know. I'm not saying out loud. Do not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say it loud. I won't say it out loud. I didn't kill you. Can you say it? Bleep it. No. God, I kept. You're the guy who specifically can't know cuz I would leak. Nick. Nick, say it. Say what's the deadline? Say it out loud. Say it out loud. Oh my god. Say it. Ruin your hook the next year of your life. I like setting deadlines. You know what's funny is you were really good at the first deadline. You Yeah. Yeah. But what's up? You like setting them? Uh oh. I do like setting. It's work beef time. Oh, your boss. Your boss like that. You like setting them? Yeah. Sometimes hitting them is hard. I get watch the psycho clip. We know we've been waiting. Wait. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. We We can like cut it back, I guess. No, just keep it going. Sure. I don't know if I'm watching that. Stick it out. Your What about your guy Slime? Look, your best friend Slime's playing right now. You could say he's sort of my friend too kind of weird like whether his or not is not that bad. Like he thinks about me a lot. Anyway, he knows. He knows. Dude, you don't go to school tomorrow. That's so awesome. Oh, it was It's funny cuz dude, I I was talking about this I think the other day. There's there's a primo or there sorry there's a clip where I talk about that Syuno thing that you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] set me up for. You're like he's crass. You know how crass he is. And then I said something crass. You're like that's crass. And anyway, wait what? What? That's when the last [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny thing I said about Syuno. The last time I said he didn't like saying penis. And then you said when's the last time you think he cream? That's not what happened. You said he's so craft you don't even know. And then I said that that but and that is what I'm talking about cuz you set me up and yeah lay a bit of a trap. You did lay bit of a trap. I just I've watched the clip more than you cuz it was really funny. Going from A to B there. I I wouldn't make that leap. That's not a That's like a A to F. What I'm saying is the comments are cra like it's so many people who love Tycoon so mad at me which is totally fine. I'm like yeah I I think I get it. But the him him knowing makes me feel pretty good because and you know what sucks is that I destroyed him in the s jam slam. He literally ran into Mike Cammy standing medium kick seven times in a row. He shut down mentally because he kind of mobed but it doesn't matter because people will remember this and they won't remember that. It's true. That is true actually. That's crazy because people do remember the standing medium kicks. Evo moment 37. Who won that EVO? Dude, I don't know exactly. Whoa. I know. And this is Oh my god. This is 37 Digo Perry's just Oh my god. I don't know who won either. Who won that EVO? I don't know. I don't even know what You want to know the dark twisted [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] truth? What? Neither of them. What? Neither of them won that EVO. Do you know this? Did you look this up? Yeah, I looked it up cuz I I thought to myself, who won that EVO for Third Strike specifically? Yeah. Whoa. It was neither of them. Cal Poly Ursa room. That's cra Oh, it was Yeah. You didn't know that? No, I didn't know that. It was him. go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Wow. So, like, you know, that's it's the same thing here. It's the same thing here, dude. I I I trained so hard for that slam. It It is the most I've trained for a game and most practice I put in. Dude, don't do not shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Lucari didn't win a single game. Literally. Literally. Which I don't I don't know. That's neither here nor there. I'm not going to dance on a man. That's here and there. That's crazy, dude. Going over [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dropping an Owen Wilson in a in a S jam slam has never been done. A 007, dude. Yeah. So, cuz it's a group stage twice. It's more than 007. Yeah, it's a group stage twice and then it's a the bracket. So, it's he went 0 and7 0 and seven and then lost twice in double whim. That's crazy. So, he went 0 and6. Yeah. Which is crazy. Anyway, uh yeah, I tried really hard and I couldn't beat this character JP and uh it was it just like I was really sad. You guys you guys lost the grand finals, right? Yeah, we we got reset and we lost and we got second. We got a trip to EVO all paid for. Oh my god. CJ slam the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Slam such good prizes. First place Capcom I think chips in for it which is cool. Uh first gets like that plus like an engraved like controller or something kind of like how EVO does it. Yeah, that's fun. And uh and we lost man and it was like dude I wanted to put it like if I won because of the team format. If I win my match we win. M we just naturally will beat the other people, but I didn't. And I let [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Brian F down, dude. Did Brian F win his? No, he cuz it came down to him versus Riddles, but he was the underdog going in. He's like, I'm stepping away from competing and like I can't keeping up is really hard. Ultimate Riddles. Yeah, he's so sick at Street Fighter. He's the only Street Fighter now. He he he learned how to play Terry from uh people like Brian and then played they played a Terry mirror. We call it a mirror in the FGC. Yeah. And he just destroyed. Dude, it's like when Rainbolt saw a geogesser from me, but now we're so far apart. It's exactly like that. And we both used to be pros. It's exactly like that. We both used to win tournaments. That's right. So yeah, it would have been this poetic thing. It's like, yeah, Brian maybe isn't like the best of the coaches and the pros, but he can train people enough to like win the format. And I couldn't clutch. He's stepping away completely, isn't he? I don't know if it's completely like Street Fighter coaching and No, no. I think he he still likes making videos or maybe competing. Is that it? It's It's competing and streaming. He's like, "It's too much." Uh, but he's still like me. Like I Brian back in the day was doing I did like this deep dive. He was doing so much old he was streaming on like the Xbox 360 and Street Fighter. He's basically PSL for Street Fighter. That's the Bobby Scar. Well, PSL is like a like a spiritual unique thing. I don't think anyone could really He said he used to he had a a a laptop and he only had the laptop. So he would have OBS in one corner of the laptop window and uh PC Street Fighter 4 Jesus which was a way easier field because no one played it in the other side of the monitor Xbox doing and he would play wellp and then yeah separate thing but like that's how it was back then. Dude, I hope Riddles becomes the best Street Fighter player in the world. It'd be crazy. That'd be so sick. The irony is that Riddles played the fighting game characters in Smash. Yeah, in Smash. They played Ryu and Terry and or I think he played he I know he played Kazya but I don't know he played Ryu. He played Terry and Kazuya and he's like I'll just play the real games. Yeah. It's like when someone does an F1 simulator then becomes an F1 driver. Yeah. Playing like mode. Then like a really big F1 driver like make that transition like successfully. Yeah. I don't think they're like one of the best but I think they made it to the pro circuit which is hard enough but I don't follow enough. There's a movie called Battlefield Earth and it's a Scientology propaganda film starring John Travolta. Have you guys seen this? No. I saw it in the movie in the theaters when I was a kid. It has Rzzy awards. It's one of the worst movies of all time. Uh but I actually think it's Loki Heat and so is Scientology. Check it out for yourself. No, but the movie is really interesting and it's really stupid. But they in the in the far distant future for Alien Takeover, the humans invade Fort Knox and they learn to fly fighter jets that are still in Fort Knox through flight simulators and then do an attack on the aliens. And it's a really funny scene. Hey, what about this Elron? What is this? FaZe Clan. Come on. Let's go. I'm with you, bro. The problem is that no no Faze member knows who Elron Hubard is. No, they know. But uh Yeah. You don't think they know? Wait, this is awesome. We Dude, it's a great movie cuz it's so bad. Oh, I've heard of this, dude. John Travolta's charact. Did he have dreads? Yeah, he has a white man with dreadlocks. He looks like M.R. Yeah. And but there's a scene of like a guy in like rags, you know, some tribal late human in a flight simulator doing this and it implies that he learned how to fly a fighter jet and it's really funny. Just like that. It looks badass. That's riddles. Yeah, we should watch that. And all the other movies I've begged you to watch. I've watched so many movies you've asked me to watch. You haven't watched Inside Lu and Davis? I haven't watched that one, but it's on my watch list. Watch as for two years, which is crazy that he would pick the one I haven't and not the one the one that matters the most. Okay. I didn't know that. You didn't frame it like that. Every day I say, well, not every day. Every day I tell him I'm like, "It's a beautiful movie that you go back to every day." It just goes right back to every day. Every day I I mention I bring it up. When I bring it up, I say, "It's a beautiful movie." Yeah. Yeah, dude. It's green. The whole movie is green. It's blue. It's blue. Blue. Blue movie. Blue. Green. Dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Guy who modded Call of Duty to be a little bit blue. Well, actually, now I'm Now I'm interested in No. Now he's sold. Damn. What devar is this? M I'm so over being sick, guys. I'm so over. You want me to suck it out of you? Yes, please. It's It's the weirdest sickness I've ever had. It started off just like like post-nasal drip for like 4 days and then I got like really sick. Usually it's the opposite. Like you get really sick and then it like gets better and better and better. I got the worst of it now and I'm on day 10. You on the vid? Is that it? No, I tested. How bad how bad does he have to get before we take him out back? Uh, I would don't do that, guys. It would actually be if he starts coughing and it's contagious or if he starts talking like RFK Jr. I'm not going to do that. Guy's voice is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Yeah, it's like he just ate like a hundred lollipop sticks. Do that Maya talking like him. This is really funny. She can hit it. Oh, she hit it. Yeah, because she was yelling at Elden Ring. I actually I actually ratioed her. Yeah, I did see her. Why? Well, because I retweeted it and said she sound like RFK Jr. and it got more likes than her actual post, which is funny. I was I was reading Twitter and people are being pretty pretty mean. And but one of them said Lwig looked like the kind of guy who hides his bite in the zombie movie. And I was like, broken clock, bro. I thought about that. Broken clock. I was thinking about that one. I was like, damn. I do. There's also this picture going around of me and and it's like it's indefensible. Is it? Yeah. I don't know if you can look I don't know how to look this up. It's like a picture of me. Are you crying? Is the one you were crying? No, it's a picture of me. Myth Hassan. Oh god. And uh XQC. XQC. Your expression on that picture is the most ugly thing you've ever put on your face. I mean like so genuinely I look like it. I don't do it. I've never done it. I just like prestige in it. Yes. Oh my god, bro. Oh, like what an era. My my four text. Their legs look so crazy in the black p. Everyone's legs look like uh like Jack Skellington. Dude, why is X holding up a finger gun? No, I think it's ice in his veins. No, his hand is No, I think he's doing finger guns. Also, X wore that same shirt at the poker game. I remember that. Yeah. You know what's funny is this night is the night where I hit the luddy and uh and it set the world on fire. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. And everybody knew. Wow. It was the one video of me hitting the ly and I think I forget who filmed it. Um but dude, that clip of Kai snat hitting the luddy. That's classic. Oh, that's great. That's classic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. That's all time for me. Mhm. Uh yeah. Yeah. No, that that's that's broken clock, right? Why Why do like Kai like AM Why do they do those like weird illustrated movie posters for everything? You know what I'm talking about? I think it's just promo. The look of it though. It's the It's the aesthetic. It's so interesting and weird looking. Wait, what does it look like? Does it look like a different like in that sort of style or is it different? Look up Kai Speed Super Mario movie poster art. I I think it's cuz they don't pose for photos. So, somebody's taking presumably an incredibly low res image and then just like upscaling it and then drawing around it. Yes. In a in a way that makes it now look like insane. I mean, that is crazy. So, like this this isn't the one I meant. There's a different one where it's like a different perspective, but kind of the same principle. Like, yeah, this one I think's fine. It just looks crazy. I wonder if they make it with AI like you did. They have fas. They do got Squidward legs. Why did they give them that? Yeah, that Squidward made too much Krabby Patties. Find the other one, too. Why do they got Squidward? I actually didn't notice. They always like they always have these like weird mixture of like thumbnail aesthetic and actual drawing aesthetic. Like, it's very And it only exists here. I haven't seen these anywhere else in the in the blue chip arena of of streamers. Yeah, that's it. There's no like there's nothing. It doesn't feel like they've they've like co-opted a style of movie poster. Mhm. But they also the only artists I think they know. I think I think the only artists they know do thumbnails. Yeah, I think that's a good point. So like zoom out to the full thing. The thumbn the thumbnailization of movie posters. There's a full version of this one. But yeah, I think equal marriage. The arms look bendy. Like they don't have elbows or or joints. like they've been drawn by someone who knows what Mario looks like but doesn't know the anatomy of drawing. I also think I see that a lot, but it's probably just because Kai did it. Like presumably Kai just one day hit up his thumbnail guy and he said, "I want like a movie poster of the streamer we're going to do." That one looks dope. And then now they just do that every time on. Don't get me wrong, I think it's cool. It just looks crazy cuz it's so fake. I mean, like the arms clearly he did not hold that. That arm just looks like It looks like a GTA 3 right now. It does look like Claude Speed. Yeah, it doesn't look it doesn't even look handdrawn. It just looks like if you took an image of the arm, right, fully took all the noise away. I think that's kind of what it is. I I am enjoying the set design. I think I I have become a the kind of Kaisen viewer that when I know he's doing an event, I will check what the set looks like because it's so I do the same thing. Dude, the Mario set looks awesome. It's crazy, bro. I I I actually really like specifically when Kai and Speed do stuff together and I w I went to the Mario stream and it was for me it was like so boring cuz they would they're just like not talking. They're terrible at Mario. They're on their phone sometimes. Yeah, they're they're kind of looking at their phones. They're quietly like should we restart? Maybe we restart. I it felt like the idea stemmed from a conversation like how funny it would be if we dressed as Mario and Luigi and we're in a Mario Luigi room. Yeah. And then they looked for a game that was two-player and they just happened to pick a game that they're incredibly bad at. That's also not that hype to watch. Not a good game. Yeah, it's cuz and then they like set arbitrary rules cuz you can't just bubble cheese in that game cuz I used to watch uh Mr. Fantasmo. He did a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cool ass series 10 years ago playing that game with this guy Kid Laser. Uh and like there's no rush to beat it. Dude, imagine they did 16 star. The issue is that's you can't do a two-player. Okay, that looks so funny. This one is not what I was talking about in a different thing, but awesome. They could rip them off. Is that even Kai? The eyes have been changed. That is not Kai. That doesn't look like him at all. If Okay, resident Mario expert in the room. If let's say Kai comes, he calls you up. He says, "Aidan, I love Lemonade Stand. Love it. Uh I almost forgetting a neck tattoo soon." Wow. We want to dress up like Mario Luigi and do a stream and it's going to be seven days long. What should we play? Wow. What should we do, Aiden? To pick from all the Mario games, Kai, I'm honored that you'd come to me. Big fan of your work. Yeah. Less glaze, but let's just get to it. I'm really see me and you go back. You know that. Uh, while I'm thinking, maybe just like Kai, you tell me what your favorite episode was. You got to kill that guy, Doug. We hate Doug. We hate Doug. I'm trying to think if any of the Do any of the good ones have an actual co-op mode? Yeah. Maybe Mario 64 does. Galaxy Mario 64 like a mod. They could play the mod. The mod's really good. If you include if you include the mod, then I would would go insane. Pick that. Yeah, if they had to do one 20 star of Mario 64 in the co, like that would be great. Uh I forget maybe you can go co-op in Galaxy 2, but I think there's a lot of co-op mods. Yeah. available for the Wii, Gamecube, and N64 ones. They should play Roblox remade Mario 64 like they did with Dark Souls 3. All of the All of the Sidescroller ones are pretty boring. That's that's my general take. Yeah, I just don't think they're I a lot of them are. And if they played the modded I think modded Looks like they were caught at Targeting for a kid. Like what is this picture? It took them 35 hours and uh 35 hours to just beat the Mario Bros. Wii. That's crazy. Jesus, dude. Surely that took us like a less than six hour game. They did 100% it for some reason. Oh, they did? Yeah, they got every secret coin. Oh, damn. That's% Yeah, I mean relatively. I don't know if there's another thing. You got to collect all the coins. No, no, no, no. I think it's just get the big coins. The big coins. Mario, bro, you don't get 100%. No, no, maybe there's a mod for sunshine. Sunshine would be fun. I assume there was. Speaking of Target, and I'm gonna This is like the most podcast topic I think I've brought up in a long time. Oh, I I got a gripe. I'm going to grind my gears. Okay, dude. They try to sell you phone plans in Target while you're just walking around getting your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] groceries. Like a person? Yeah, there's a person near the electronics area. And if you walk by it, I was walking by it getting smoothie stuff because I drink smoothies now because I'm 10 pounds lighter and I'm and so I'm I'm walking through and I have a cart full of stuff because I got a blender for my smoothies, right? Yeah. And so, but I walk by and there's a guy who it's like he's like, "Hey man, how's it going?" And he puts out his hand to like fist bump me and I like got my hands on my cart and I'm like, "Good, man." He's and he's like, "What kind of phone plan you got?" And I'm like, "Uh, like I hate you know me." Yeah, I'm the a word. I I don't like I don't I don't like going I don't like going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] places where all my friends are and I'm just trying to like shop and just mindlessly go buy smoothie stuff and I'm being sold a phone plan and it's invasive. You walk into the Target, it should be off limits. Is he Target's phone plan? Is he selling? He's like sign up for team. Were you in the back of the store? Yeah. Were the electronics? Was he wearing a red shirt? No. He's probably one of the reps that's next to the phones. Yeah. Yeah. They like they allow the reps to solicit inside [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the store. I agree with you. Best Buy has the same. That's what my job at Best Buy was. Best Buy is different cuz it's always been that way. This is a place where you buy food. But isn't this real problem with change? Lewig. Uh it No, but for real, you go and you buy like bananas and then someone's asking you to buy phone. If you're going to buy a Switch, too, and some guy's like, "Hey [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what about the Galaxy?" If I go to Target and I'm getting ads in the form of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bots coming up to me, I'm going to use Amazon next time. I think it's just the most common sales product is like phone plan. Sure. I just don't like it. That's fair. Because I' i've have my phone my my dead mom's name is still on my phone plan. You're still paying. Why? You should You should say that to them when they come up to you, dude. And like you reminded me of that. Now what? Thank you for reminding me of that. Oh, thank you for reminding me. I actually went what was like 3 years out thinking about it and you brought it back up. You're the reason I'm thinking about it now. Dude, it's been a long time. I'm about to lap the time I've been alive and I'm about to double it. In two years I'll be Oh, no. In a year I'll be 36. She died when I was 18. So, you'll live most more of your life without her than with her? Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Think about it. I'm I'm I'm triple triple for for Pops. 3X for Pops. Whoa. I kind of had this I'm closing in on uh I think I'm about to be the age my mom was when she died. Isn't that crazy? I turned the age my mom was when she had me and I was like she shouldn't have had a kid. I'm not mature. Yeah, my my parents are too lit. I'm probably going to go ahead. Oh, I got beef. You got beef with your mom [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up in there. What? Sorry. Oh, dude. He's He's the only one who said this, by the way. Break her heart, bro. Say speak your heart cuz she's listening right now. I forgot that she listens. Oh, it's going to hurt her. No. Talk about how she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up and how everybody else loves her. I think that when you place a couch that is facing away from a television underneath the television that is just the it's just a terrible decision. I think it it considers that the space should be inviting for people to hang out. When a television is on, that couch isn't supposed to be sat on. And that's weird. When that television is on and maybe it's like uh an exciting event to watch, but the listeners in the room, we have a new layout in our office. My my beautiful mother came and spent her time on I'll vouch for that. Re that she was here, reorganized the room, got us new furniture, but she made a setup where this is the TV. Stop laughing. This is the TV and this is the couch that faces the TV. And there's another couch that faces that couch in like this square situation. There's another couch on this side. So, it's like a box of couch. Let's do a before and after on Twitter. the the the pictures don't help him cuz the she has a specific before and after picture where we have Aiden's terrorist lighting on in there and then my good lighting on. Your lighting does crack. It's really good. Guys, take an ugly Can I air out a beef? Can I air out beef? God, dude. Every single person who is not Aiden, I've talked to them. I've interviewed them. I've gone up and said, "So, which lighting do you prefer? Do you prefer the when the bright white lights are on or the new lighting?" And they go, "The new lighting. It's a lot better." Yeah. It's great. Every single the employees here. Not the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] employees. The heart and soul. The heart and soul. The heart and soul. I'm the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heart and soul. Yingling. Every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ask. They all prefer it. The only guy who doesn't like them is him. And he's always here. So they're always off. And he's the boss. He's like the comes in doesn't doesn't even turn on the other ones. No, dude. That's soft yellow lighting in a room where you need to work all day. Hm. Does it make you too eep make them white? They're temperature controlled. Uh, it's also annoying when you need to read stuff like when you're opening mail. I guess we should I'll give him that. I guess we should all have his mail light in the room. Is there is there a uh like an agreement you'd come to? A compromise. A compromise. If you They get turned on all the time. What if you have a little like desk lamp with the little pulley cord? They don't get turned on when he's here. Oh, and they're green. What if you had a green? Just somebody else can turn them on. Oh, there it is. He just refuses to put the effort in. It's just crazy. They were on and the overhead lights were off. Would you believe? Here's my thing is most of the time when these nice soft yellow lights get put on, they're like at the the room, especially in the evening with the we're going to block off the windows are yellow because the ones that are here are the coolest white possible. By the way, these these are on a temperature setting that would be considered white. Okay, let them continue. So, when you when when it's night time and the lights are on, I don't like sitting in rooms that feel dark when I'm looking at screens. So, I just ask you, would you come into this room and let's say Christian put on the soft lights? Yeah. Would you turn on the big lights? No. He would without thinking. Yes, he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would, bro. Well, he said he wouldn't. I've done it though. I've had them on and then he comes in and turns on the regular lights. And then I go, "Oh, vibes ruined." And you said this happened. Oh, I guess like the opposite of what he's saying. Sorry. I mean like in the scenario that you outlined. I'm like Christian has intentionally a reason. Yeah. But then you make someone else have to go, "Oh, he turned them on. Now I have to go either tell him I'm going to change." Am I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy? It's an office. I Well, I think you're crazy to assume an office must necessarily have homophobic lighting. They call it When you use default ceiling lighting, it's called homophobic lighting. All the giries know this and you're bisexual so you should. So I think I think that's that's a outdated thought but I also think Aiden brings up good points. It it could be too cozy. There there's a real probably studies that have been done in lighting that's a bit too cozy. I don't think but that's kind of like what do you call it? Where so where is the where the office lights are probably 8,000? Yeah. And then my lights are 5,000 to 6,000. I feel like they're yellowower. I do more yellow. It's I for I think they're three. I think they're three, but they are closer to sunlight than they are to like anything on that spectrum or anything on the blue side. I I think they're closer to three. I'm not saying I'm not trying to kill you here. Well, it sounds like someone needs to figure some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. Hey, we'll experiment. Cuz liking homophobic lighting is a problematic character trait. That's a judgement on your You know what the problem with bisexual lighting is? It's hard to read letters with it. Wait, bisexual lighting. Why are you reading so many letters? a lot of mail. I'm dealing with your taxes right now. That's actually good then. I like that. The dude, the the mail he's getting is crazy. Why? It's just they send you charts. It's kind of funny. Of what? When the IRS is mad at you, they send you a chart. This is damning for him. This is where the lights are. Okay. What is it? What's the number? I don't know. But I mean, this is just the spectrum. That's This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] warm. That's cool. Wait, it doesn't have to do It's in the It's like almost dead center light. Hold on. It doesn't have to do with just like white. Also, you're aren't you right below that that white light? No, he's saying it's like the But I think I get what he's saying. It's the amount of light, too. Yeah, it's more about the amount. Well, I agree here. I agree that we could get more lights in there. But it's a pro. If we just turn on the default ones every day, no one's going to do it. Nick, this is an easy war to win. Okay. How do you win? By simply compromising and finding a better cuz it's only one corner that needs to be better lit. It felt passive aggressive. I had this whole idea. You would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what? He shows up one day and I'm like, "Well, I got you a light. Now switch to my system, dude." And it looks like a spotlight. Yeah. It's like a better question. How many offices have you ever been in where the we of yellow lights? The one we worked at together. H the one we worked at together. If I think through my office job summit when I worked at the vape content office oh I mean I didn't answer your question was a vibe but we worked in the production office or sorry the creative production office which was categorically not a vibe Ken Chen was there what if we do a a Monday Wednesday Friday and it's and it's chill vibes no one's no one's my only compromise is this this is I just don't this is This is my Don Draper moment. I I don't think about this at all. I literally put zero thought into this. This is my It's like He's talking about the lights like it's something I I do. That's not fair to say. And I'm And I'm in the elevator. It's like I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What would you What would you say? The only But here's my compromise. If I need to read a letter, I'll turn the normal light on. How do you think it comes off that you don't think about it, but everyone else prefers it the other way? Well, cuz they only prefer it that way because you ask him the question. He doesn't even think about it. No, but I'm saying how do you think it comes off to the to everyone else that you're that you do it the one way that's not preferred and you don't even think about it? I do it the way that has been I was molded by this office. I lived a thousand years in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] office and I'll spend the next thousand here the way it's always been done. I was in that office when it was one desk in an empty room and now you're trying and that's not even a joke. You're trying to bring in gay lighting here. He's homophobic. I don't even work here. I I got no say. Also, I think it's more it's I I didn't do the survey after the fact. I've just, you know, people have walked in and said, "Oh, this is nice." Uh but beforehand, let me ask your director of content. Yingling Yingling also didn't care. There was a bunch of people who worked here who didn't care. No, I I disagree because I came in once and Nick wasn't here and Yingling was and then he's like he looks over at me all the way down from his desk and he pulls his HyperX headphone off and he's like, "Yo, the life in here [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] vibe, huh? It's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] vibe in here before they got installed." Could I could I read a message from from an anonymous employee? Sure. I said I I said I took a picture of the light bulb on and I said I sent it to this anonymous employee. I said, "This is the new worst part of my day." And then he replied, she or he replied, "This is crazy person behavior. I almost sent you a video when I was leaving the other night. It's the best thing to happen to the office in so long. It's amazing. That's fine." Sincere sincerely anonymous. That's fine. That is fine. You know what? Look, I I I think I got to say here. No, you don't. Why would you weigh in? You're not You're not part of this, bro. You're This is a This is This is a guys who don't work here and one guy who does things. I'm here at the table. I'm I'm coming to the table. Well, you've been spinning. You've been spinning the centrifuges. Yeah. I'm quietly maybe. And I'm the United States and I'm ready to compromise. Uh I don't want to be Israel. So, and sometimes Israel I'm he matches up with that pretty one to one. So, let's move on. Uh I am I am Morocco. Oh, okay. And you catch you just kind of squeaked weather this time. I'm just in the room and I'm happy to be here. What are we talking about, boys? Really quick, I really don't want to be Israel. I Right. You're Israel and Yeah. Yeah. But it's you. Uh, no. I My compromise is as long as I can read, I'll my letters, bro. The guy who's been putting off getting glasses can't read. Can I say it? Oh, do you need glasses? Uh, yeah. We all know this. I mean, it's not it's not like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awful. Like, I can read the sign in that room. Yeah, that's giant letters. Can you read this? Yeah. What is it? But they're getting worse. Where is it? They're getting worse. Middle finger. Middle finger. Dude, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cheated. Yeah, he wouldn't have known. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He would have gotten there. I was just like, you wouldn't have gotten there. You're hurting. You It could have been this. Remember when you do this to adults? Yeah. And then you do this. Ooh. Oh yeah. You don't know what finger I'm doing. And then I'd be like, "No, I didn't do it." Mother trucker. Look, we can write We can put a pin in this. We can wrap this up. I just my little poor eyeballs. They get a little strained in dark rooms when I'm looking at screens. I think this is reasonable. I think we can try both. We can do a trial. A trial by combat. Well, you proposed it. Trial by combat's been called. Who is your soldier? At the We'll go to the column. He's not his own soldier. He's not He's not the soldier. You can ask for your own soldier. Oh, I can pick anyone. I mean, you have a chance by combat. So, you can pick a similar to the little Rodney son. You could pick your own fighter. Okay. I I pick uh I I pick Patty the BDY, the MMA fighter. Well, you had to pick someone that you can beat. Yes. So, hey, I'm Yeah, I'm thinking if you pick someone, they must instantly you have to instantly call him. Well, who's his guy? Well, he he goes second. Kabib, you can't get him, bro. Dude, I'm tight. He's been a dogan. Hey, here here. Yeah, so many options. So many options. Who do you want? Um, I I'll go slime. You got to pick someone. Slime or smaller. Faze RZ. Faze RZ. Shake Drizzle. I Faze RZ. Shake. Drizzle. Hasn't worked out in damn 6 months. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. And he has two bum shoulders. I know he has bum shoulders. That's why he hasn't worked out. He's got I'm going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill that guy. I know. Cuz you train on the bag with his face on it. I've been training to kill picking a bad match up for Dreams. I think that'd be really funny cuz it's like what what do I really lose here? I put on like slightly less bright lights about the lights. Yeah. I think you run a trial with the lights. What do you personally think? Oh, I don't think I've seen the lights. I don't think I've been here since they Let me show you. That's what I'm saying. Like I have to experience it. I would imagine I would prefer the low lighting cuz what my experience in the office I don't work here. I don't I is sorry. I work downstairs in my little my stream room in a bright Well, that one's in a bright room. No, that room is lit. The lighting of that room is really nice except for when I like my room is lit by by cinema lighting, but uh but another the default lights in that room. How about this? We do trial by combat and the winner gets to choose the lights, but the loser also has to get the Drake AB implants. I pick Lewig for I changed my mind. Lewig. Okay, let's go. I can never swing on him. What? I would I would You can never swing. Think about all the things he's done. Literally hugged slime twice today and us neither once. You're h That's not Okay, that's not fair because I hug you the most. No, I'm saying that he I'm saying he hugged him twice. Yeah. And he didn't hug either of us. When he when he came back for seconds, I was like, "Ooh, you hug." You know what's crazy? You know what cutie said to him on stream and I heard it? She was like, "You don't hug Nick enough." And he came here and he hugged slime twice. I thought it'd be too on the nose if I hugged you cuz I saw it. Trying to ease into it. Yeah, I thought I'd hug slime this week, then next week I'd hug you. It' make more sense. Yeah, I'm waiting, bro. But now you asked him to get the flowers. So, how good are the flowers? The flowers are going to they're smell like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Roses really smell like poo. Yeah, they don't smell great. Said, you know, this is my last week being 20. Yeah. Yeah. This is the last yard episode ever. No, you're the last one of us to turn 30. It's kind of weird. Yeah. You're going to quit? You're going to quit when you turn 30? Yeah, when I'm too manys, huh? Yeah. Yeah. No, it's time to I got to start working on my garden. Okay, this is from a couple weeks ago. We were, you know, I I was having a conversation with Lewig about the future of the company and like what he wants to do. And, you know, we've been through this pattern of every, you know, he'll say like, I want to do this for five more years. I want to do this for two more years. And we'll kind of get to the end of that period of time. And you guys know that he'll be like, I want to keep going. Five more years of coal in the machine. Five more years. Five more years of shoveling coal in. So, we had this conversation recently about, you know, where, you know, it's kind of all going from here. And you said it again. You were like, I think I'm ready to push and do this for another five years. I like what I do, which is which was awesome. And so, we have an all we have a company all hands. We bring everybody together. And keep in mind before this all hands, when we had prepped and we had talked about this conversation, he's like, it's time for everybody to like kick it in gear. We're gonna like ramp things up. We're going to become a better, more collaborative company. It's going to be a Lwig summer. shouldn't you know sorry Xbox 360 summer external Xbox 360 summer it's just a label you need internal messaging and external messaging summer's everywhere dude thank you and uh so we so there's a gap of two days between when we meet and when we finally do the allheads with everybody steps up in front of everyone we don't usually do it in person everybody's actually in person not on the call and Lewig is like all right everybody like I'm glad we got everybody here. All right, so uh it's these are our goals. This is what we're going to do. It's a it's going to be a sunset summer [Music] and and keep in mind this is after us like like there's an important all hands meet in person. You have to be here. The company's like freaking out. I'm trying to tell people that like no one's getting laid off. Like this is not a big deal. We just want to talk we just want to talk. And then he leads he leads the conversation after like 3 days of people like theorizing if they're going to get laid off or not, which is explicitly not what was going to happen. And he's like, "It's going to be a sunset summer, guys." Can't say. That's what you said to the room. He can't say that. Sunset summer in the twilight of our years. Let's go out with the bang. Can't wait. Who knows? Why didn't you change it? Why didn't you change? So you just So the plan is the same, but you called it sunset summer. Who knows how long? The plan is exactly the same, right? Okay, Drizz, we don't know how long this will go. We're going at least 5 years. It's sunset summer. Pack your bags in case, but we should be good. How about How about we do a company all hands and it's we split up people who like the old lights, person who likes the new lights, and we we fight it out. Yeah. Company all hands. What are the two sides? The the the people who like the lighting and the guy who's indifferent. This is what is there's no war. Sounds like a war. Someone's yelling. You would think indifferent would land on tails sometimes. You know, you would think it's always heads. It's always heads. It's weird. That's always heads. For indifferent, it does seem to lean one way. You'd think maybe it's the light switches, but they're next to each other. So, it's like, you know why everybody watch the cozy lighting, bro? Nobody works. Ooh, nobody works. Maybe this is my Maybe this was my whole ass. And I'm going to boot into Premiere right after this. I got some points to lose, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, I girl uses the He uses the white lights even when playing video games. It's not I know. It is kind of It is kind of gross. I I to give it to Aiden. Sometimes lights are just something you slam on. I sleep with the lights on, dude. That's so gross. Every That's crazy. This is when you peel it back in the other direction. Every night. What? What? I sleep with the lights on every night. Cuz you're afraid of the dark. No, I just like it. Like the overhead light? No, I have an IKEA lamp that's actually very warm and it feels very cozy. Uh but it's my main light. You've seen it. And you sit and you sleep. Oh, like the Yeah, the long one. Yeah. Looks like a damn It's You know what's funny? It's called the hole mo. I like that. Yeah. And you sleep that on every night. Every night. Even if you have somebody over. Sometimes she makes me turn it off. That was actually really I She's like, "Can you turn off the light?" I'm like, "And you're you're like clenching." Yeah, I'd love to do that. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fine. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's She's right to ask that. You are weird for having the light on. I mean, I did it immediately. I accept that. But I'm sorry. You said sometimes. So, do you keep trying to keep the light on? Look, I just leave the light on. So, you're Aiden in this situation. She wants I can't believe you are on Nick. You're not on Nick's side here. You're on Aiden's side. I'm going to be honest with you. I see. I want to leave my side. I'll take it all back now that I've heard this. That's what slime is. Cuz slime won't put the work in. He'll do the opposite. It's hard to look in the mirror, huh? No. Okay, here's the real truth. is when she me to ask you every day. No, she likes she she doesn't like watching movies with the light on. So, I I turn it off automatically. I just do that. I don't wait for her to ask. But if if she t if she falls asleep and the lights are on, I'm not going to go over and turn it off. It's game time. So, you watch a movie, you turn the light back on. No, no, no. It's like sometimes we watch a movie, sometimes we don't. But she likes to lock in for movies. Yes. Seinfeld is a lights on experience. I will say because he's sleeping on the floor. So, she's sleeping on the floor. I imagine he's not seeing. Okay. Cute. We acknowledge they're not in the room. Uh but this room is pretty dimly lit. That like his room he's talking about is pretty dark. Well, also if you're on the floor, the light hits different. Real my You're on the floor. O. Why did you Why did you go for the I thought you were supposed to do two. I don't know. Horrible. Can you censor that, Archie? Actually, I don't know. I think it's Take that out. It might get demonetized. It was It was shaped this way, but it was the Nick. So, yeah, it was interesting. That's two 30-year-old men trying their best. Ground get different. Speak to that. Well, the lower you are, the less the light affects you. It's like heat rises, light goes up to light. No, light sinks. Light, but it sinks slow. It sinks slow. It's heavy. Light's very heavy. There's less light cuz it has to travel, Nick. Think about it. Okay, I'm thinking about it. So, like if you have a light that points up, it reflects off the wall and then you have less light on the floor. If you're on the roof, that would be so bright. It' be so bright. What if the ceiling's a mirror? Then it would reflect. Yeah, that's in Pokemon. That's called trick room. Oh, what's your stats? Yeah. And then the slower people go faster and the faster. If someone's a portal, well, a red portal. That's Well, if it's a red portal, that means blue portal's in my heart. Then you would go through your heart. You'd kill yourself. If you Dude, if there was a red portal that went into your heart, which had a blue portal, I would just pour Gatorade into it and flood your heart with Gatorade. Oh, be so nice. And I would solve your sickness. It probably it would probably feel so good. It' be cool. Ice blue Gatorade. Gatorade through your heart. I think you get an instant stroke. No, it's good for you. We select Gatorade commercials. I got to heat check you in. Nozzle tip or regular tip Gatorade? Do you care? Do you or is it all the same? Talking about twist off versus nozzle. Nozzle versus like the regular Gatorade you just drink from? No, I prefer the regular. Less maintenance. What? What maintenance? I don't like the the the way you have to get the plastic off the the tip top. Ooh. So, you're talking about the work beforehand. Yeah. Just let me get I like sucking on to it. I like sucking on something good. And when it's sweet comes out when you suck on the Gatorade and sweet and goes off. I like with the nozzle tip. I like when you you unscrew the cap and it's got the little white part that you have to you got to take your teeth. I hate that part. I hate that. That's worst. I love that part. But I go I get through it cuz I like sucking on it. It's like on the white part. No other part. I chew on the white part sometimes. You led. That's weird. You're weird. Nozzle. And I for some reason I just instantly thought this was going to be a question about Super Mario Sunshine. Nozzle tip. Am I crazy to say Gatorade sucks? Yeah, you are. We should water. You'd be killed in 30 countries. Yeah, cookies are bad. Sweet. You're an idiot. It's so sweet. It's supposed to be casual. God, you just spent a week eating ice cream. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking? But like, at least I'm eating [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ice cream. You're saying that Gatorade doesn't give you the ice cream, but it gives you the same consequences. Like, it's the same consequences with none of the joy. Yeah, but cucumber. You don't work. You don't sweat. That's why you need That's why you need it. After soccer practice every day for 4 years, I drink an Arnold Palmer. That's also sweet. That's so weird. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird. What are you, 60 years old? Not It's not It's not for the sugars, is it? Uh-huh. I mean, yeah. If you're playing like intense sports, having quick access to sugar Yeah. It's good. Like that's what you do. I just thought sweating. The rehydration is mainly about the salt or both and the sugar to give you energy. I thought sweating Gatorade was real. That's why I started. It is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] real. We just can't see it with our eyes, but they use the special cameras for the commercials. Oh, I don't feel like like the 3D glasses. It's just like 3D glasses. That was invented by Lewig. A Lewig? Yeah. Lewig invent the 3D glasses. They're kind of money. He's probably top 10. You know, there were like that was like a hipster phase like Lil Debbie like wearing them them 3D glasses. The glasses with no lenses in them. What was the first Do you remember the first movie you saw with 3D glasses? I think mine was Spy Kids 3D. It might It might have been Spy Kids 3D. That was Avatar 1. Really? There's probably That's probably the only one I remember. I feel like I saw one before that. I don't really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about 3D. Remember 3D TVs? Such a giant trend that just flopped. I don't even know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a 3D TV is. It's a home television that has access to 3D 3D flopped in general. It was so annoying. It was also so rare to watch a movie where it actually like was cool. Yeah, there were like four movies. It was like the virtual boy of movies. Yeah, they kept it for so long. Is 3D gimmick or legitim? In what way? Well, you can movies were a gimmick as an industry. Yeah. I think VR is going to have its place. I don't think it'll be like I don't think it's going to be what the VR heads want it to be, which is like everyone's got goggles in their home. Yeah. It's our primary form of media consumption. I think it's too immersive. I think like it's good for like certain types of gaming. It's good for like I think it'll be at amusement parks. Like we'll probably have crazy VR experiences. Dude, they have that. It sucks at Universal. The Simpsons ride. No, the Mario ride. Oh, that's not AR. No, it's XR. Yeah, cross reality. I thought it's AR. I don't think it's AR. I think that's what AR is. Augmented reality. That's what it is. Cross reality is when it's augmented and virtual. I don't remember which one it is. It might be AR, but yeah, you just wear glasses and you see things that you wouldn't normally see. Oh, the the cart ride, the one of the It's truly one of the most disappointing things I've ever ridden in my entire life. And it when we had the fast pass, like we didn't have to wait as long as everybody. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was so ass. Seeing the other people that presumably waited 3 hours to get on that ride for something that was maybe one of the worst entertainment experiences I've ever You can still see out of your periphery. Like you can see like all the the stuff that's not working. Yeah. Like the just the room and then in here it's like red shell. Also, I could Yeah, I could barely see the things you were supposed to see. Yeah, that's pretty bad. I I remember thinking that specifically, too. Also, next time you're at the Spider-Man ride. I think that's at Disneyland, though. That's at California Adventure. Yeah. Uh, next time you're California, make sure you're on the on webs slingers. If you ever noticed when you're wearing the glasses, you can see your own eyeballs in the reflection of of the glasses. Also, there's secret gold spiders hiding around that give you 10,000 points. There's also secret spiders in your skin and they crawl around at night. Oh. So, try to find one. And the only way you can get them out of your skin is to join the revolution. Join the revolution now. Join the Patreon, too, because after this we're going to have another episode. Is that the revolution? And that's the revolution. Viv is the revolution. It's the content revolution. We're revolutionizing. We are revoling against media as you know it and cerebral thoughts as you know them. But only on the payw walls Patreon. Join the revolution. It requires your patronage. You do need to pay to join the revolution. The revolution has a fee. Yeah. It's not UNICEF. The revolution won't be free. And we like to freestyle. Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, is this the end of the episode? Okay. Yeah, it is. We're going on 45 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freestyle. Yeah. Uh, you want me to get you want me to get you in? No. Draven, they call me Tyler, too. Aiden McK. He's a gay dude. Okay. Progressive rap. And that's progressive hip hop for your head top. And we'll see all you guys better. Well, we'll see all you guys in the Patreon for more. And I'll probably be I won't be a sick. I'm going to go turn the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lights on. I started eating my veggies. It's growing back, dude. No, it's not. Let's see. Let's see your crown, man. Let's see your crown, man. Uh, that was pretty good. That looks great, dude. Okay, I will say your hair is finally stabilized. It's finally gotten to a point. Your opinion just varies by the length of the existing hair. Uh, yeah. That's what