 [Music] Nobody knows how insane he looks at this restaurant. He's literally ordering at this restaurant. Look at him. He's actually star. You took the picture at him at the Mexican place ordering a burger and posted it on your Instagram. Your check mark Instagram. It was crazy to do that. [Music] Oh, smoked. Oh, no. Bro, okay. Whoa. Yeah. So, how do you What's up, man? What are you doing? Did you Oh, yeah. It's really bright. It's really bright. Yeah. This actually This Oh, God. This track. It's so hard to look at you. I'm just navigating the halls of the studio. Dude, you're back this week. Yeah, man. This is No, I just think it is bright, right? So, it's like I think it pretty much solved my problem. I can't look. Does it point down or just for No, you can point it down. Maybe point. I can't really see anything. So, it's like all right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you're used to the spotlight. Yeah. You like the spotlight. Well, no. It's going to It's going to love. Not a second more. Not a second more after that. That's fun gag. Not a second. It's good. It blinks. That's helpful for mail. Maybe if you're if you were like reading mail at like a rave. That's what I feel like. No, I don't know. I like my mail to have a refresh rate on it. That's what I was saying. Usually when I'm gone, you guys [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go all out and you plan an amazing episode and people go, "Wow, this pod could really be a thing without Lewig." And for the first time, I realized this pod would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] die without you. You know what's funny, love it? You know what's funny? That actually it was a planned episode. That was a whole concept that just didn't really work out. We're all acting. There is no there is no situation with any sort of overhead fixture. We don't even have lights in the office. It's an open concept. The sun It's like a It's like in Fallujah where there's no roof on a building. Well, guys, this is the backyard. Kelby is an actor. Kelby is not an actor. Oh my god. Kelby is That's the least believable thing. He's a bad actor. You should have heard him in there talking about Trump and money. Oh my god, dude. I come in I come in today and he's like he's like, "Slim, can I ask you a question?" And I'm like, "I want to return to Babylon cuz I was listening to Steel Pulse in the car." And he's like And he's like, he just kind of pauses and waits for me to end. And he's like, "Can I ask you a question?" I was like, "Is it about Babylon?" And then he said, "No." I'm like, "Okay, fine." He's like, "Does Aiden speak Mandarin?" And then I look over at Aiden, who stands up, but you know, when he was obviously in an argument, he stands up immediately, starts walking over and I look over and I'm like, "Yeah." And then Aiden busts out a phrase and you say, "Well," and then Kel's like, "No, but I was just saying." I was like, "Booyah. Booyah. Listen, he speaks Mandarin." It was like a sitcom. Like I I landed the QTE with the one Chinese phrase I know. We we waited so long in the meeting this morning that Lwick's supposed to be in that we started speaking Chinese and made it. That's what That's what And then and then Kelly heard me speak Chinese. He's like, "You can't do that. Like you can't you can't be racist." He was trying to pull a racist card. And then and then it was like, "Kelby, I'm not it's not racist. I'm speaking actual Chinese." That's what it's like. He thought your Chinese was fake racist Chinese. Yeah. Which is worse. And that is way worse. Oh, that's him being the racist. What's more racist, Aiden speaking Chinese or lovely speaking Japanese? It's really a close fight. Oh my god. Interesting. Right. Um, ge geopolitically he's punching further down. I would argue I could even be punching up. They both come from fetishes though. 100%. These are both fetishes of of four lands. Mine is not a fetish. I am sexually attracted to Shi Otani and I want him to die the greatest man on earth. What does that have to do with you? How could you influence that process at all? I actually fully understand K-pop stands for the first time in my life through show. Through show. Can you explain? I think K-pop stands truly love the the people they watch so much and listen to that they want them to be mega successful and so they and so they restream their music they promote it they're telling everyone to Stan Luna this might be actually racist and in the same way this might have broken the ironic sh in the same way I want to be like that with show I want like a show profile picture I want to tweet out every accomplishment he's ever had and I want to sway the public opinion to believe he's the greatest baseball player secretly collect bats hats and cover them in lotion. Do whatever you will. My profile picture on letter boxed is you and your show Otaniat. Mine Mine's in a do-rag. Hell yeah. No, I think it's it's just such a a crapshoot that like like why couldn't Lwig have been really obsessed with like the Dominican Republic? Getting into baseball and being like I get K-pop now. Yeah. No, hold up. Hold up. I I'm saying it because I saw a few uh show stands and they were like K-pop stands on Twitter. It's like a It's like a a fan cam where it's like slow motion. He's like except instead of like hearts come out of the ball and instead of digging on other K-pop groups, it's like, "Sorry, Kyle Schwarber, you're not MVP this year." I That's so funny. It's just a next level sports fans. They really have captured something. We were watching Trump didn't announce that he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dying yet, but we were all kind of sitting around waiting. That's not going to be the announcement, by the way. No, he's going to go up and be like, "I had a stroke." And be speaking in an insane accent. In the middle of his speech, he's going to cough like the movies. He's going to look and blood, but someone's going to try to hide it. He's going to try to wipe it on his head and then only the really loved people in his life will notice it. Yep. Someone in the YouTube chat in Fox 31 Detroit or whatever YouTube channel. It was just It was obviously getting spammed like crazy. Like insane [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and and someone just said skull emoji. I am going to be the best pirate. Skull emoji and I was like, I get that reference. Okay, really quick before we get in the episode uh at, you know, at large, you look like you were going to In-N-Out. But I also got something. Okay. Wait, hold on. Is it crazy? Hold on. Is it in that dark space back there? I also don't Hey, knife. He pulled out a knife. Oh my god, that was a sharp knife. What is this? Do you think it's a bigger? Best guess. Bigger knife. A bigger knife. Aiden, best guess. Uh, probably probably a chandelier. It zoo. You can get one light. Yeah. What? Oh, we can do it all. Or two. Or three. Wow. Oh, for audio listeners, I we didn't explain it, but Aiden Aiden's wearing like a like someone who mines coal. I look like I came in the Modern Warfare 2. He's wearing a headlamp. A headlamp. That's the word for Yeah, but it's like a it's it's no ordinary headlamp. Like they make they make like like Home Depot has headlamps. It's for like runners. It's like No, that's not for runners. Obviously for runners. That's for That's for a special ops mission. It's too big for runners, bro. Free lenses. It could be for bikers. Yeah. I got to The company that sold this is very like camping pro America, get out and hunt coded. Okay. Some sort of canvas. Wow. I got something because I think we do rag on Aiden a lot. I will say this. Do rag on Aiden. Do rag mentioned. Yeah, do rag on Aiden a lot. I do rag. I do I will say this. Some people on the insane website are infantilizing him like he's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] child. Don't weigh that around. He's not a child. He's a grown [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man and we're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friends. And when one of us disappears, you'll know something went wrong. Hey, come on now. I got you something. I got something made for the office and we'll be able to see it with your headlamp. Wow. This was a This is actually an art piece that we had made years and years ago for a postcard. That's beautiful. It's a bolden brash, but it's Aiden and he's wearing his Fortnite Balenciaga fan. You should dye your hair blonde again. You should go back blonde. You think it looks funny? I think the blonde with the the brown undercut. So, this is kind of funny. That looks great. What happened to Fortnite Bless Yiaga? You want to put it right here? Maybe. It's a You know what's funny? It was lost to the Connor Eats Pants closet for about a year because he borrowed it for an event. Stole it. He borrowed it. Shut up, dude. I can't go back toback episodes with this. I can't go back. That's how you said it. That's how you said it. Uh, and this is nice. I like this. That's nice. Where you going to put it? Many options. Many white walls. Yeah. What white wall in this office should we put it on? You guys choose. I will choose. You guys have put Kelby to facing a wall, which is good in general. Just in front of Kelby's monitor. Wait, wait, wait. I'm going to put in the background of Kelly's webcam shot. Oh, yeah. And the background is better cuz then everyone sees it. Dude, by the way, I almost had a big mishap. I was on my computer, which is behind Christians, and I'm scrolling Twitter like a normal person. I would argue this isn't his fault. I would argue it's not my fault. I'm pretty defending you. I promise you. And I followed Dan Benson on Twitter. Yeah. And so, and dude, I think I walked in and and watched this happen because when I walked in, I I immediately saw your monitor and I saw you get all the way down to where the vein ends and and you scrolled back up and I I literally just laughed and that's crazy. I didn't know that there was anyone on a call in front of you. Did you look at the on air signs? There were no on air signs. They weren't on cuz I always look. I just walked in. Yeah, I always look because I come up to Kelby and before I say something to his dumb ass, I check because that's the right thing to do now. It's not his fault. I promise that I would I would say it's not his fault. Then his 7.9 in demon. He doesn't have a Don. It's a Don just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just flopping in the Twitter wind. He's got a Kaiju down there. It's angry. Uh but yeah, and I was like, well, okay, if if if Christian has Cameron on, which he doesn't, he never does really. Uh that might have shown up. That might have been bad. So, but I try to be good, man. I'm good. I'm a good bear at the old office. I try to be good. I barely didn't show a penis on someone's AT&amp;T call. Is that AT&amp;T call? What's wrong with someone doing their best? Something wrong with that? If the best is barely getting by with that, it's pretty bad. There's something [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrong with that. Is nothing inherently wrong with doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you do your best. I didn't show a penis head. showing up showing a penis on the AT&amp;T call and being like, "Ah, Verizon." Oh, what the hell? Verizon. I don't know what that is. I I hate that. Slime's been weirdly sexual to me while I've been gone. This is not true. While you've been gone? Yeah. Well, I've been gone for a week cuz I was doing I was in France and I got sick. Yeah. So, I haven't been in the office in like 10 days. Is that why you're sick? I was sexually explored by Michael. You should see Michael. And then I get a message and it's from Simon. Goes, "What are you doing, man? Let me see that thick thick monster down there. That cinder block of a penis." Now, hold on. So, when you said, "That's not true." What exactly were you getting? I'm sorry. I'm not done. Haven't talked to you in a week. Take a pic with a flash on. And then I wrote And then I wrote I'm sick. Sad face. And oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] French flu. And then yesterday hit me up again and said, "Just let me hit once." question mark. We won't don't have to do math stuff. And I said, "You can't hit, man. I'm taken." And he he reacted with the rolling eyes emoji. Giraffe mind explosion reply. And then he said, "You should watch Try again." Yeah, he did say you should watch Try Gun. I mean, I'm just talking to my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friend. Yeah, it sounds like he was trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friend. But this some it's some cap it's some cap [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when he's like, "I'm taken. And I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let you blow my let me change my life because you're going to France with Michael and you guys are making it stink in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chat, bro. Huh? I was in France. So it doesn't count. The Chateau Romani. Anything goes. Did cutie go to France last time and we went? No, she took Italy with us. No, no, no. Yeah, the live been to Paris with Cutie. Never. So you took Michael to Paris? Never. Never. Before cutie cut I took No, I took him to Paris twice before cutie. I'm going to take him a third time before her. That's cool. You're a badass. Well, she was busy making cakes, bro. She's been streaming her ass off. She ass. I don't think I've talked to her in like a month. Yeah, she's been she's been busy. Locked in. You know what? I tell her. Tell her what I say. Come this time. Please. Are you scared of flights still? You never do. Really? Is it the whole plane thing? Did they made a new plane? Crashing like not as much recently. You said the word. What was that little period where they all crashed? I think it was I think it was I don't know. Aiden plane guy. Aiden politics guy. Stand guy. Hey LS guy, chime in with your headlamp. Chime in. Yeah. I just need to look at the plane. Aiden looking under the hood. It's like it's real dark in here. Is anyone attempted to read off? When you when you guys build the planes, is it well lit in the warehouse that you build them in? Dude, the Boeing factory. They're like making a plane and it's like got awesome like IKEA mood lighting. Yeah. And that's the reason they all start crashing recently. They got the sharks on the side too couches. The mood lighting is way too chill for them to try. There's a guy like Nick just folding his arms smiling like it looks really sick. There was one There was one dude in the Patreon comments last week and he just said, "This episode goes crazy on mute." And it made me laugh really hard and I and I let him know. I was like, "That that made me laugh, dude." And then on my flight home this weekend, last night, that guy was on my flight. There's no way. He could have just lie. He could have just lied. It's weird. He made said the specific comment. Uh, wow. Yeah, he just rolled up. Was he Was he Was he like Was he good-looking? Hm. Was he good-look? Yeah, he was good-looking. Oh. Oh my god. Imagine asking a girl. It's like, "Did he have good looking?" She's like, "Yeah, you're good looking. It was a handwome no you're what it's called a backpedal. You you do this on LS a lot. If he said if he said I have a girlfriend I would be Yes. That's that seems about right. wouldn't be like the way you're talking about him with your intonation makes him sound like the ugliest that's like how Jerry Seinfeld he's talking about if he is this is this is a this is a rough spot right because if he's beautiful if he's beautiful and he's a viewer this is a weird thing to say yeah right it would be weird to ask you it's not weird I'm asking but if you brought it up kind of unsolicited It gets weird. But him inviting you in and you be like, "He was beautiful." Asking if a man on this earth was beautiful. Is that stupid to do? No, he was beautiful. I'm sorry. You probably look great. But we think you look beautiful based off your messages. We haven't had the opportunity. Gorgeous fan challenge, y'all. If you think you're gorgeous, send Aiden a picture. Let him It's the gorgeous fan challenge, y'all. We need you to submit a photo to Aiden, but it's got to be public. No private messages. It's got to be a public reply to Aiden. You got only tens tens only political tweets. Waver political tweets. Get your little ass nines out of here. Yeah. I want you guys to reply with yourself with yourself. You guys have only on political stuff. You guys have destroyed my Instagram. See that smile, y'all? My Instagram is unusable. We've destroyed your in. We built your Instagram from the ground up. Yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And And you've And now you're tearing it down. Now we took it away. Now you're tearing it down because I went to I went to Nantucket, which is what it Nantucket is what you guys think Sweden is. White Paradise. It is the White Paradise. It's It's insane. It is so It's It's so white. It's filled with a bunch of white people who could make a four person TSA line last 15 minutes. That's That's who it's full of and it's it is it is what you picture Sweden is when when I got Honestly, when we talk about Sweden, it's what I remember New Hampshire to be. Right. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was Well, I we remind you of that. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we make sure you know that. It's like 90% white. I know. But but your Instagram cuz he said this last episode. I don't know if you listen. It was a banger. It was a banger after the one part, but it truly was. You're actually talking about it. Like I talk about like anime. This is awesome. So you should watch it. You have to get through the first trudging 45 minutes. 20. It was 20. Just to be clear, in the main it's like 16. I don't even think it's 20. Oh, only 16 of lights. After that, it was This is the same thing as One Piece, is it not? This is like the the equivalent ratio is that the first No, the the equivalent ratio is that the first 150 episodes of One Piece are dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, cuz the first 10 are good. It's so I I I imagine cuz I also thought when we recorded the main episode, I was like, "God, that first part sucked." But the rest of it's really funny. I was like I'm imagining the fan who like watches the main episode for like 2 minutes and is like, "Maybe the Patreon this week is better." And they they don't watch it. go to the Patreon and they click all the way through and they're like, "Did they talk about it for two and a half hours or three hours?" Yeah. No, it wasn't that bad. But what I'm saying is on that episode he was talking about he went to Sweden and on his Instagram he's like, "Oh, look, look at these pictures from Sweden cuz I redownloaded and everyone's writing White Paradise in the Oh my god. Damn. Every single comment is about how I mean this is the the two comments that are on my Instagram posts are about the how many white people are in the place. Am I happy with the amount of white people? And then and then the other comments are are, "Wow, it looks a little too bright out there, Aiden. Maybe maybe we should go." And I'm just locked. I'm locked. You can never be single again cuz if you have to date and she's like, "Oh, I'll look him up. See what he's about." And it's like white paradise. Love your white. It's like, "Do you hate dogs mostly or all of the way?" This guy a neo-Nazi like a neo-nazi discord group. We're all his friends. Cuz your Instagram is like not big enough to look like you're like an online celebrity. No, no, it doesn't. It doesn't have like you have just enough followers with the comments to look like you are a part of a Nazi group. Well, hold up. Hold up. I could be really big in my local chapter and still have the same following. You know, I have a blue check on Instagram. Yeah. It's fake. What do you mean? Wait, what do you mean blue check on? You're right. What are you talking about? My blue check's fake. Oh, I buy it. on instant. I pay my for my blue check. Wait, you could I didn't even know you could do that on Instagram. What made you want it on Instagram? I think you need the check to unlock monetization. Wait, if you True. Whoa. I think that's what it was. You got to pay to get paid. It's kind of like life. Yo, cuz X is dog. X says everything. X says everything. But that's also why X is dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is too much, you know. So I expect their changes to be shitty. But doesn't Instagram Instagram changing it. It defeats the purpose of what the check mark was. As soon as you can pay for it, it's it's over. No, cuz Instagram wasn't the same where like verified users were like trusted sources in the same way that X was. Cuz you weren't delivering information and news on there. Yeah. Like I feel like that was the reason the check mark was kind of cool. On X, the everything app. We're calling it X now. Yeah. Oh, I mean it is the everything app where everything happens and you can bl your glory. I think I had my first own ironic X the everything app this morning when you were looking up the stream for the Trump announcement because he was asking we we were trying to figure out where to watch it and in my head I was like check it has to be on X. Well, we're going to miss the announcement and cuz we're here assuming it goes live while we're doing this. What do you guys think it is? We can predict. Uh it's not even happened yet. I can It's still That's crazy. By the way, I tweeted something. I I want you guys to know I want to ask you tweeted on the pod. No, no, it was earlier, but I I think it's a discussion topic, and I want to know if you guys agree. I said if I wasn't in Aiden's life, he would use the white-kinned versions of emojis. I think I think I think he's a hop and a skip away. I do think he could be he could be there pretty fast without you because if he was doing it, I don't like I'm I might bring it up, but I also might not. You would bring it up almost immediately instantly and he would do it. By the way, me being president in his life has stopped him from doing this preemptively. What do you think? Remember when Hitch used the black emojis? Dude, that was crazy. What's that about? Why can't Why can't Why can't you use an emoji you like? No, he did it before he got the cornrows. Oh, right. No, but you you have to believe that one like him has had cornrows before, right? Okay, that wasn't his first time on the on the I think we should pick the emoji that celebrates what we like the most. Really? Yes. Okay. You know, you y'all are just default Andes. So, you're just doing baseball glove emoji? If I could if I if every emoji I could do was show Otan's face, I would do it. Well, that's why you should primarily use Discord, dude. Just a series of like you emojis that show up. The pre the pregnant the pregnant woman emoji show instead. Dude, I should get That's what I should do for my channel emotes. I should put that I should get 50 Showani emotes. Do you have any guilt? Do you have any guilt? I'm so glad I put this out there because I can see the real baseball heads latching on to this. They're disgusted with the fact that you weren't excited to meet Freddy Freeman. They bring it up a lot. Hold up. I wasn't not excited to meet Freddy. I didn't meet him. I thought he was there. He was there but he was lying down with his kid and I didn't want to interrupt father son time. What? Like picnic blanket? No, he was actually just dead ass lying down like cootstas. Like his kid was running around. He's just lying down. Oh, like me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On the grass. On the grass. Okay, I can respect. And I didn't want to interrupt him, so I didn't go up to say hi. The only people who I talked to are people who came to the Deco Deco booth. Yeah. It is funny. I cuz sometimes I'll like lie down on the floor of an airport. Like I lie down a lot. Oh yeah. And I do think I don't think I've ever had a fan approach me while I was lying down. I think it's it's it's a nonverbal like not right now. It's a very vulnerable position which is why I've been a bit mad at you actually cuz you put in the group chat a picture of Kelby being very That was me. No, that was Nick. But I'm very mad at you. Let me say this. I would have done the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz I had the same idea. Gorgeous. It wasn't even It was Kelby in a very vulnerable position getting cozy on the couch. And I And is there nothing sacred in this world? Do we want to show it? No, we don't. Absolutely not. I forbid it. I forbid it. What if I ask him? You can get an artist interpretation or He's going to say no. I thought he looked awesome. He didn't look awesome. He looked comfortable. He looked open. Open. No, he was closed. He was very boss. You can't say that. Open-minded. Open. He looked open-minded. He looked Oh, he looked openminded. He looked openminded. See, you looked I can say he looked open-minded. Really? Are you open-minded? I want to litigate. You can't litigate that. You're not going to take over this company. And I think it's too v. I bet he said no. No, he said no. He said yes. Swear. Yes. Swear. Swear to God. All right, fine. Show. I think he said it like it was a dumb question. Also, Trump didn't have a stroke. He's talking normal. Sipper says, obviously. I don't know. I don't feel like it was I thought he was glue, bro. I think the people getting uptight about the hand thing. I was like, that's just an old people thing, man. It is an old people thing. But I thought he'd be glue. Yeah, cuz you just been reading Twitter. That's what Twitter said. No, I mean I wanted it. Dude, the sun the sunlight is hitting him and I'm I just think he look Oh my god. Crazy. Yeah. Did you see my Kelby photo? What about my Kelby photo? You got a Kelby photo. Okay. You didn't even look. I want you when you see this photo cuz you missed the conversation we had when you walked out of the room. I want you to evaluate this photo. Is Kelby open or closed? It's a great question. You know, let's see the image. Dude, I there was like a lag. Like my brain had to interpret all of it for an eternity. Is he open or is he gone? Is this a picture of an open man or a closed man? It is. I don't want to say what we think. It's pretty apparent. Maybe I'm He is so beautiful. He's gorgeous, dude. It's the It's the dare I say the the lighting. The lighting helps a lot. Yeah, it I'm Picasso, though. He doesn't want to talk. I think he's closed. He doesn't want to talk because if if his eyes were looking at me, he's open for business. Oh, the eyes are where the is the key to the soul for you. That's actually deep as hell. Wow. Cuz for me it was the cannonball. Sure. There's there is an open door. This won't be free. Yeah, but the free for you is what he's saying to me. The cannonball on the couch is like it's like a playful no. It is a playful no. Yes. It's like a not right now. I don't want to talk right now tonight. I love And I love the the the the And you were the guy who's going to litigate me. Just to clarify. You were the guy who's going to litigate me. You're his boss, too. I'm talking about conversing with him. Yeah. Okay. But there's a We have to talk for work. There's a subtle detail in this photo cuz he's moments away from being sunglasses on at any point. He could Oh my god. He loves The sunglasses could be on, but they're not. If he If he turns the other way, he turns the other way. Yeah. Into the sun. Turns the other cheek. The other cheek. They're right there. They're so close. Anyway, that's Calbo. Yeah. I went up and asked him. I was like, "You know that picture we took of you that you look beautiful? Can we use that on the yard? Can we talk about it and show it?" He's like, "Yeah." So, I don't want to hear some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] next time. You're infantilizing him like they infantilize [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boy diaper man. Can you do this thing where you create caricatures of people who work at this office? Wait, did you listen to the does not create [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] caricatures of people? Well, did did you listen to the last 15 minutes of the Primo episode best? Okay, that's what I thought about cuz this is exactly what we talk about at the end of that video. We we did a bit where we're like, "Okay, well, what else could we all improve on as humans?" And these guys brought up this crazy insane take. Let's Why don't we see? Why don't we see? Why don't we I want to have Lwig guess because ultimately we each had one thing that we presented to the others is that this is the psychoanalyzed problem that you need to deal with and navigate. I want you to guess which one came up for each of us. Well, okay, that's that's a fun activity. For starters, Slime creates caricatures of people in the office where Kelby in some people's minds, if they've never seen him or met him, is like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Chuck E. Cheese and he walks around going Pogers. Hey D deal, Pogers. He kind of does. And And he's got And he's got thick Squidward thighs and a red neck. Oh god. And in many people's minds, that's who we can't forget about you can't forget about Kellb's big arms. And and and you tore down Shake Drizzle with this to the point where he stopped going to the gym, stopped playing League. No, he plays League. I promise you he plays League. Stop cranking up in league. He is not. No, he's he's doing that, too. Yeah, he's diving for right now. Son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, uh so that's your problem. Yeah. Uh and I'm worried about your next target. You know, God forbid Christian receives the bad Christian. Chill, man. How could you attack him, man? He got ultra [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] strong in a matter of 6 months, right? You know, Neo when he's when he's catching the hands when he's just but he's kind of like looking at how he's stopping them and it's all he's confused for him. That's Christian interacting with slime. Yeah. I be like, "Christian, don't you give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about these lights?" And he looks over. He's like, "Not really." Christian. Christian, like a very reasonable guy, can immediately ask himself, why would I care what this guy thinks at all in my normal life? Why would I ever give this to my guy my thigh? My thigh. It's very refreshing. Um, so it's your it's your flaw. Is that it? Yeah. Yeah. What What do you Well, mine was a clue because mine was the it was What do you think the light conversation filtered down into? You know, remove it from that conversation altogether. What's the problem? Um, I I probably your internal racism of loving white people. We got We got What's the problem? We got to stop. That's the problem. You got to stop. It's going to This is going to come back to haunt me one day. Hey, welcome to the misogyny bit, bro. How's it feel to be on the other side? I love misogyny. Oh my god. Two massages. Two Christmases. Wow. Uh, no. Yeah, it was probably some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the damn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lights and your and your stubbornness and your unwillingness. I'm literally uneasy even talking about it in this kind of context. No, it's Well, we get a lot of weeks and it's very brisk. All right, what's Nick's problem? Uh Nick's problem. His going to be real. Nick's problem. You say it was it. It's going to be real. His is real. Not as real as No, no, I'm saying. And you look like the Bellro clown with your hair. Nick's problem is that he's grown his hair out too long and now he looks like a blotro clown. Yeah. It's like, bro, it was hot, but like call it quits at some point. No one to fold him. You look You look like I'm about to get a multiplier. I think it looks good though. It doesn't hurt. I think it looks good, man. Can't hurt me cuz if we pull up Ronald McDonald, but I don't look like Ron. I don't look like Ron. I can't pull like Ron. No, don't don't bring Ron out. All right. You know when Catchy the Clown came on the show, it's like if we give it another month, he wouldn't have even had to put on the wig. Catchy the clown. And he's just got a perm. Dude, what what if we did a perm? I know. I knew someone was about to say that. I literally was like, that'd be crazy. Get a perm, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then you just cut it. Oh my god, he would look crazy. What's crazy is the development for Ran off. Ran getting a perm. No, I'm saying Ran has gone through some crazy like how long does the yard D and D take that ran started the first episode with that hair and now it looks like damn this What does that mean? You You've had a insane development. Yo, I'm currently hot in the show. No, you I'm in the phase of my hair where it looks really good in the show. You don't think you look good? It's going to get too long. You don't think you look good right now? Oh, I don't know. Let me let me look at my most recent evidence. What about What about like now? I can't. Well, now it's awesome. I can't really see anything. So, um I don't know. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys, dude. I hope you are dead soon. I've been playing I've been playing League with Shake most nights as like a ritual and it's really cuz we'll just play normals and I'm like, "Hello, honey. Knock-knock. It's time for our duos and he'll he'll be like, "I can't. I'm playing ranked." I'm like, "Okay, fine." So, I have to wait till like 2:00 in the morning and then we'll play like three normals and he will play a jungle champ he has never played. I'm Volibear top lane and he will just play someone he's never played and we'll lose the game and he'll just be like, "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry I'm like this. I'm such a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like Jake refuses to play Carus because he's like, I don't want to stop this lobby. And then he never wins on any other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think that's fair. I respect that more. But but after he goes like, "God, I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so pathetic. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] O. I'm a loser." Like I'll go like 05 and Lane is a match up I've never played and he's like, "I'm just the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wor like why do you even be friends with me? It's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny. He has been deconstructed. He's got to He does have to work through some things if that's how he's acting. But but this is what you did to him. Oh, I didn't do anything. No, actually I do call him crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz I'll be like I'll get I'll die solo solo in lane and then I'll be like my jungler is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] should not be allowed in your skulls and he's the jungler. Yeah, you got banned because you tweeted out at Riot. Why can I not type uh child molester without getting, you know, timed out? But I can type pedophile all day long. Here's how it works. When you play League of Legends, if you type in the word child molester, you get instam muted where you cannot talk for the rest of the game. I think that's good, right? But I can say pedophile as much as I want. What if it's a call out? I what if it's like we're trying to be we're trying to be inconspicuous about what we want to do and we're typing in all chat. Let's go see him. And it's like let's let's go child molester. Go child molester in five. Go see him. No. Cuz would get conflict coconut mall would conflate with coconut mall. So the problem Yeah. is that you can say one thing but the other thing is like free reign. This is this is an obvious answer. No. I read this and I thought what a dumb They're both nouns. Yes, but one has an ugly word. Ugly word. Yeah. Oh, so pedophile is a beautiful word. Pedophile door. Pedophiles. Pedophile is nice. Wow. He likes the cadence. It's Latin root. I I Sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. Well, I I I tweeted that and someone was like, "You should add uh Drew Lean. He's like the guy that responds a lot to balance changes and shit." He's like, "He's been great with handling shit." I don't think they read the tweet. I was like, "Okay." And then I added him. Dude, that's insane that somebody typed that. I know. That's insane. And you're also Don't say I know cuz then you tagged him. Yeah, cuz they told me to. Also insane. He didn't answer. I think it's an interesting I would love his thoughts. It's not an interesting question. Yes, it is actually interesting. Two and a half years ago, this man was invited to Riot Games' campus to film a documentary. What if I'm ADC and my support is a child molester? And I'm trying to warn everyone and I'm like, "Guys, there's a child molester in bot lane. Like, we have to throw. We can't let him win." And I get banned for that. I get banned. I'm solo queuing. I'm solo queuing and I find out my AD is Drizzy Drake. It's like what am I supposed to do? Not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say something? So you're basically running into a Roblox situation? Oh yeah. You explain explain what that means for everyone else. There was a to catch a predator series on Roblox. Oh no. And the YouTubers who ran it got banned from Roblox. And Roblox doesn't want them to catch the predators. And then and then Roblox is like, "Oh, so you banned the captures but not the Predators." Wow. And then everyone got really mad at Roblox and big Roblox creators were like, "I'm done playing Roblox, so fix this." And it was a down period for Roblox. Big Roblox created other nine-year-olds were like, "I'm done playing this game." Bundon's out of a job. And Bundon say, we got to check on him. Uh, and and so you're saying riot games are the same because they're not allowing you to catch a predator. But why are you using the word predator instead of Well, because I want to because language is beautiful and should be precise. Mhm. I'm just saying I understand, but they should both be muted or none of them. That's all. I think because I typed that and then I couldn't I couldn't talk about going barren the rest of the I think pedophile is fine because what if you're like, "Do you guys think Drake's a pedophile?" He'd be fine. But do you guys think Drake's a child molester? No, it's ugly. I hate it. I Every time you say it, I squeamish skin crawls. Yeah, you're squeamish. I think the word is ugly. They are different. They are different things. It's like It is kind of like Christian Catholic where it's like one is both. Yeah, cuz a pedophile and and one is a separate thing a little bit. Yes. Yeah. Well, what you're squeamish. You know what's You know what's worse? The act. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that as an argument? I don't know. Just the truth. I'm sorry. It's just the hard the cold hard facts. So, and you see and he seems uncomfortable admitting that and you think, okay, we're talking about you talk about the reason we seen the list so much. I think you're on that hoe. You guys got to get off. Did you miss us, Deon? League of Legends. No, being in here for 40 minutes. I'm like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. Life was simpler in Europe. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] smoke cigarettes. You race car, man. And you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your friend Michael. We get it. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your awesome friend Michael. Hours long. Sleep good. What did you Speaking of Hold on. Hold on. Speaking of precise language, Speaking of precise language, this is the day the day after we recorded all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] last week and I'm I have a busy day. I It is backtoback meetings, recordings. Every hour of my day is is packed out and I have to go in the 15minute slot I have before at lemonade stand. I have to go get something to eat because it's my only chance to eat until like 5. And I walk outside. I'm already kind of late. And then on the back of my car, written in the dust on the window is I am a pedophile. Oh man, I forgot that I did that. And just in massive letters. So now I can't I can't drive. Like I can't go to the gas station sandwich shop and park in the lot with I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] At least it wasn't I am a child. I have to move and like maneuver my car through our parking lot to get close enough to the hose and then the hose is wrapped around the metal gate that we have near the door and it has a kink in it so the water won't go out and I'm I'm like trying to wash the words off the back of the car but it does it's not working. Dude, I took it but it was too bright and you can't even see. So So I end up I'm running out of time. Like I'm going to be late to the next thing I have to go to. So, I managed to get the middle part washed off, but not the sides because it was like drier dirt. And now it just says I'm file on either side of the car. And then I just drive to get my food. Citile. Oh yeah, um I think you could have just driven without fixing it. The people in the store would have just seen it on your face. I don't think I could jump I don't think I should be lumped in with him when we talk about who can have an opinion around here. You know what I mean? N y'all are the same. That feels a little bit different. Y'all are both people who don't work at the office who cause mayhem. Mayhem. Yeah, you're like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] commercials. I work at this office. You Nick sold me. We have to stop saying they don't work here. Wait, why? Oh, we can't we can't have this argument again. We can't I'm with you obviously, but can't do it. We got to skip this. Look, he sold him because look, man, we haven't talked about on the main, bro. D and D is going crazy. This is Look, here are the new tenants of the yard. Are you ready? It's called It's called the the 3L system. called the three L system. There's no talk about League of Legends. There's no talk about the lights. And there's no talk about Lewig being late. These are the I like that. These are the three ten the three L's. Two two excesss. By the way, if we if we if we speak on the L's, we take an L. I thought you were just going to say last. Last. What is this? Aiden at the BBL. Lights paradise. The list. No, we can talk about list. People like that. We're the one place that does talk about that. True. Seems like maybe that's what Trump's about to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe he's about to just drop the scroll on the ground and just go through it. I heard a song that inspired me and then he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drops it like Santa Claus. Dude, what if he wrapped the list and he gets Donald Trump and then he goes into more mumble rap when it's when it's the part that he's on like when he's like, "What did he say?" Kind of sounded like designer for a moment. Dude, did you guys hear that Carlos stepped in human poop? What? Bro, I heard it was cat. Well, I heard it was cat. I think it's probably cat poop. Basically, uh Carlo left his like keys here or something, but then like the gate was open and then like a homeless man showered himself for like an hour using our hose. That's one of them. That's a butt shower. It's one of the showers you sit down in. And during this time, he also took a poop and he stole the keys out of like Carlo's car, but without taking the car. Been there. And then he left a poop near near the car and Carlo came to get it and solved this problem and then he stepped in the man's poop. How did he get the keys back? Well, the poop is the poop is insurance. That's how you know he'll be back with the keys. He had to get a new key fob. Yeah. His car didn't get stolen. Wow. Which is crazy. They just took the keys, not the car. My theory is that they thought the keys were to the building. So they're like, I'll come back. Like they don't know I stole these, right? cuz there is a regular key on it too. There was a male key on it and then also a fob. Anyway, he stepped into a man's poop. He stepped into this this this saga is just a tale of stereotypically bad decisions. I would say Carlo called me at 11 p.m. to tell me this this happened to him. And I was just like, "Man, it sucks. Let me know if you need anything." And I hung up. I'm like I'm like, "What do you want me to do, Carlo? I'm watching [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm watching Step Brothers on the couch. What do you stepped in and poop? What do you want me to do? Go fool Gavin Newsome. Tear down every homeless encampment in a 10 square mile radius. Just going over there to the camp with a flamethrower. Yeah, my we the Olympics are coming. We got to do something. Dude, me and Lwig had a uh we went and got tacos that one day that that he was that Aiden was on LS and he was hella late. We got tacos and we came back and Lwig started the conversation. He was like, "How long do you think you'd be homeless for?" like like a challenge and I was like I don't know like a year bro like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it we we can do this and Lwig was surprisingly honest you said what like said a goal like maybe a month yeah like maybe no you said you said like two weeks maybe two weeks yeah yeah and I was like things are different now it' be difficult usually he'd be more comp if it was a voluntary challenge where you can like stop being homeless at any given time yeah Mr. Beast challenge oh yeah I would love dude I would urban camp like that one Malcolm in the middle episode like do a YouTube series like challenge accepted. Mhm. But it's always making him prove the things he says he can do. Yeah. See, this is why I asked him the question is because Slime, you know, famously loves talking about how he could sleep on the floor, how he read nothing. He could sleep Olivia Rodrigo in one month. Rodrigo and believe that. And I think and and we think sometimes he holds on to a version of his past self that might not exist cuz maybe he likes, you know, some of the cushier things he has. So I thought I thought he was going to be like I could be homeless my whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life. I thought he's going to be like full on like I can be homeless every day. Like I don't need [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't need [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. I wake up I I wake up. I take a hose bath. It's the best bath I ever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] had. [Music] I sleep on the floor. is not even a problem for me. Right. Right. You want to put him to the test? He did it. I I think genuinely he could do a year. He could do what? A year. He said a year. I think he could do a year. A year is like, do I think he quits less than a month? What are you talking about? You know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up thing is? You know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up little thing is that I think is true? I think if it's for a video, you last longer 100%. I got to show the world. What happened to the realness? Well, cuz you'd have to prove it. But yeah, I guess it's just proving it to more people. more pressure. Yeah. I mean, I think it's the value of proving it to so many more people is like I think that your I think that your your what you're willing to do in life is expanded by content. It's expanded. Well, you use the word you would not have done if we did a field day of sports. You would not show up to that. You use the word content. I use the word audience, which to some may be a synonym, but I think they're pretty different. Uh but but you wouldn't do it if it was like for a small video that not a lot of people would see. I think I'd still do it. Well, then it's not about the audience, right? But it's about an audience and the scale of the audience is a factor and it's not invisible, but I think it's a pretty I have a pretty simple value system. It's be funny and have an audience. I think that's true. And you know what I realized? I realized the pod's become more successful. Successful. Okay. You want to try again, Charles? Yeah. No, I I feel like I get it the second time. And the second time's good for me. It's becoming more successful. And the RD&amp;Ds make us more money. Yeah, bunny. And I was talking to Connor about it cuz he's like, "Yeah, the Patreon goes crazy." And I was like, "Yeah." Which Connor? Sea Dog. Cuz he's here. He's in town. Oh, your old flame. Wait, he's back. He's in town. Yeah. Your old flame. Is he jealous about my old? You tell him about you and Michael. I don't tell him about me and Michael. Yeah. He does not know about You're just h It's just It's just good that you guys are friends. That's just what we do in France, dude. It's literally Queen's Gambit in the beginning when she hooks up with that one guy with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like the weird eyes and then he's like she's like, "Yeah, I don't know. I have sex with this guy sometimes." And then she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that one stud and she's like, "That's what that's supposed to feel like. That's Dude, that's Michael. I'm starting to worry about how many hot dogs you just eat instead of anything else." You're worried about how quickly I ate them. I get that. No, no, not quickly. It's that it's just really it takes up such a majority of your diet at this point. I'm worried about the repercussions of that on your body. But it runs through my body quick because I eat them so quickly that you eat them fast. Do you realize that like eating meals can be stress free and also good for you? Well, yeah. Eating a meal can be stress free because it can be done in 30 seconds or less. As fast as possible. It's it's a stress on your body that the biggest issue is how long it takes to prepare the dogs. But I put them down fast. You see, why don't we reverse that? Why don't we move away from the hot dogs? It's a good meat. Lovely. Let me introduce you to Hungry Root. Okay. I I want to put you on because the last box that they sent us, they sent me a bunch of awesome [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They sent me. Name one thing. Name one thing. Name one thing. Name one thing. Grass-fed grass-fed beef burgers. So, not that not that GMO hot dog stuff that you're into. Flameton. I know you thought that that was only um restaurants. Whoa. No, I thought that was only restaurants and French people served it. You know what? I like the sweet chili uh the sweet chili chicken rice. I I love the sweet chili uh I prefer the flame cuz I'm more of a steak guy. Okay. Well, what are you And I eat I enjoy it so much that I eat it slowly and like a normal person. What are your times? What are my times? What times on the hungry? The filt and asparagus meal. Modest. I'm I'm new to the scene, but I'm I'm doing about 1 to 2 minutes. I'm going to beat both your times. Well, it takes 15 minutes to make and then after that you can eat it as fast or as normal after that you make it. 15 minutes 15 minutes or less to prepare. You can eat it as slowly or as quickly as you'd like. It would be like 60 minutes total to eat everything. And dude, the reason why your hot dog is able to have an expiration date that's two years away is because there's preservatives and additives and none of their food has that. There are any hooves in it. There's no hooves. There's I will say this, Hungry Root has little to no hooves. Little to no hooves. We've eliminated basically all the hooves. Can we get hooves? We can make sure you can have some hooves. It just will not be provided by hooves. Not will be provided by Hungary, the company. Well, if you want some Hungar and no hooves, uh you can take advantage of this exclusive offer for a limited time. Get 40% off your first box, plus a free item u in every box for life. And item could be hooves. Go to hungry. It's a free item. The free item is not going to be hooves. If you get hooves, it's not edible. So go to hungry.com/theyard and use code the yard to get 40% off your first box and get a free item of your choice for life. It's the real eaters challenge, y'all. You got to go to hungry.com/theard. Get 40% off and then post yourself eating hungry as fast as possible. No real eater than me. You have to leave the Patreon. We're going back to the episode. I will beat you all. Uh and we're talking about you. Me? Yeah. Yeah. From you always like to say you make more than a doctor, but I think you throw a lot of your money away. And I think if you were to make like 10x, you would just be throwing it away at a higher rate. I almost think you fear having too much. No, I don't think I fear it. I think Okay, I've thought about this. You fear the man you'd become. Okay, I don't I don't think that's the case. And I've thought a lot about this. You're free to disagree, but I think that I have everything I've ever needed and I have for a long time. The overhead of my ideal life is extremely affordable and manageable, right? So when I have this like crazy excess amount of money, I just kind of give it away. That's what I That's what I mean. Then so it's not about being afraid of having it. It's more of like an efficiency of I don't need this 100 grand. I'm going to give this to somebody. Then I think you don't like increasing the quality of your lifestyle. Audio listeners or you know video watchers, you might be thinking, wow, what a what a hyperbolic or perhaps an exorbitant amount of money to uh be giving away all the time. These people are increasingly disconnected from reality. He did this one time and we do not have the capacity to do that with frequency except for maybe I just want to that was all of his money at the time and you know I would I would question whether or not it was Yeah. You're like I don't know what I'll do with all this extra money. That wasn't extra money. That was your network. All of the money you had. How long ago was that? A year ago. Yeah, a year. Zipper, can you can you can look up Build-a-Bear stock? Oh, if he would have bought Build-a-Bear. If you would have bought Build-a-Bear stock, do you know how rich you would be, dude? Or like a Rolex, maybe. Did it? It did. No, it like tripled. No, Build-a-Bear stock a year ago was at 33 bucks. Doubled, bro. I don't Do they start selling Laboos, too? Like, what happened? It doubled. I don't know. Build-a- Bear is back. They do not sell Laboo. Well, they got a They got a bump because everyone is Build a Boooo. Oh my god. Build a boooo. This is a trillion dollar industry. No, because you know what? They already ruined it. What do you mean? There was a lady on TikTok who was building her own boooos. Did not work out. No, but if you could go yourself. That's not in the mall. I know. I'm just saying she was building her own boo boos in the second boooo she built did not go over well. She was she definitely didn't approach it with the best strategy. The tact that you would have built a boo. No. No. At Build a Boooo, we would have all sorts of You'd be classy there. There would be ways to avoid that happening. I didn't even like I didn't even check in on the apology video for that one. Like, do you think she said anything? Yeah. Yeah, she did. She apologized. She She's not She was like, "Where I'm from, we don't have racism like that, I didn't even recognize that this was blackface and I'm sorry." It's actually a pretty good apology. Oh, a clean one. But she still made blackface a boo boo. So, she's done forever in this world. That's how it is. Sorry. Getting the call at the Continental. It's like your excommunicado. Take your ass to kick, bro. They come and just shoot her in the face. That shit's crazy cuz it's like you just need one friend. You need one friend to be like, "Hey, maybe don't do this one." It's like when we did that automotive uh shoot and Aiden had way too much oil on his face and he was really close. And we got the pictures back and I was like, "We're we're not posting the Aiden ones cuz you can't unring that." Like the Ben Still or Zoolander taste. I I I might have saved Lewig's whole career during that shoot. Well, I also set up him set him up for failure cuz I set the shoot up. But uh there was a a spec there was like a behind thescenes video of that shoot that went out where Lewig looked it was a real the shots from far away. It looks like full blackface. Like it like not it doesn't look close. It doesn't look like there's any white on his face in the picture. And I I asked the guy to remove the video from the internet before anyone could see it. When we drop it, y'all seriously [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I said I said this shot is deceptive to what the real day looked like. I was like I don't want this to Yeah, cuz the real day wasn't that crazy. I think just had I think she just had an agenda and we were getting our makeup done so we didn't really we failed to see it. Yeah, we really we're all looking around at each other like wow that looks kind of crazy. I don't I don't look like that. And then we always do. If you guys had to I was thinking about this on the way here. If you had to get all of your income in life through one thing that you do every day. So, example like I drink an iced latte most days, which is kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up when I think about it, but if I don't I don't make any of my income unless I do this, but I still have my job. Like you still have to do your job and this doesn't make you any money. But this is like the final button to get the paycheck. You have to do this and you don't get paid for that whole day's value. What would you attach it to? And it can't be anything that is vital for survival. Like it can't be breathing. It can't be pooping. I you you can do jacking off if you want. It's not vital for survival. It's a pleasure. You couldn't attach it to pooping. So Oh, no. Because I would get paid uh net 90. Is is is jacking off not just like the the real the easiest answer here? Jesus Christ. Unless you're unless you're a real goona. You crank one every morning and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] live your life. Crank one every morning. You could say you could now. I'll say you could now. I mean, I'm just saying like I'm not cringo every morning. It's like maybe I could, but even if I could, it's like once I once I hit 50, you know, do I have the gas still? You could just attach it to an hour of gaming. Okay. Can I ask a question? Does it roll over? He's Dude, he's always trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bulk. So, if I don't if 24 hours span, you don't do it, you lose that entire paycheck's gone. I don't get money for that day. Yeah. Mhm. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. I probably attach it to calling my girlfriend beautiful. Yeah. This this question doesn't make a it doesn't work in a lot of ways cuz it's something easy, right? It does. You can I could call his girlfriend beautiful every day if I wanted. But the question is not about it being his girlfriend. His beautiful girlfriend. You call her that. That's what you're doing. It doesn't matter what I say. The question is not about whether or not it's challenging. It's just a it's an exploration of something you would be willing to do every single day for the rest of your life. Yeah. I think what but okay, I'm going to I'm not God forbid. Lewig, please. If you guys broke up, the genie version of this is like that's not the girlfriend you if you had a new girlfriend. The monkeys a different person that you'd no longer make money the rest of your life. You have to think about this forever. Um, but I would never attach it to like a specific video game. You know, if we broke up, she'd still be beautiful. I wouldn't mind doing it. Every day you'd say it. You'd say it to a picture of her on the wall. Telling your new partner is like, "No, no, I'm not. Babe, I'm working. I'm not I have to do this for our family." Yeah. This guy that looked like the Batro clown once cursed me and I had to had to start doing this. Hard to explain who you talking about. No, that'd be my um I don't believe that. Mine would be Oh, I would I would make it something that I had to do. So, it would be like, you know, five minutes of boxing practice on the bag, punching shakes, vinyl face only. Five. That's a lot of work. I know. You know, it's like, can we can we say exercise is not part vital for I guess it's not. No, no, no, no, no. It's specific angry exercise. Dude, if you could punch in the face and know you're making money doing it, that's a pretty good job, dude. That's an idea. That's what kids 50% of kids should want. The other side of the not YouTube question. Something that kind of snuck under the door of the episode last week, which again is a banger at past the first 20 minutes, was the intro video. Could you Did you see the intro video? No. Dude, it's unbelievable. I think it's the single funniest video I've ever taken of another person. For one, the video opens, everyone's hanging out and talking at the party and then it pans over and Shake Drizzles, you know, along the corner. But, uh, two, he wipes his shirt a little bit, too. He wipes the the dust. What? You guys are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird. You guys are so I've been thinking about this this past week. this year zombies cuz I think I I you were gone. You were gone. And we live we live in the world of the yard, right? Yeah. And I'm starting to think I'm starting to think that these two might not be normal. They're not normal. I I think I I genuely think if you if you walked down the street and you saw a shake at like inside through a window at like a Chick-fil-A, you would film him ordering, send it to Nick and crack up about how he like That's a really touch his lip. That's like really And then you but you like wouldn't interact with him. You'd like walk away laughing at your phone of this video of Shay like he looks he looks so insane. He looks so insane. Be cruel to get him involved. Nobody knows how insane he looks at this restaurant. He's literally ordering at this restaurant. Look at him. He's actually took a picture of him at the Mexican place ordering a burger and posted it on your Instagram. Your check mark Instagram. It was crazy to do that. took me. No, no, but the the difference is I just took what is inherently a funny picture cuz a point five is his forehead. You're the one you're the you're the one you're the one who then just took this picture and went, you uploaded the craziest picture that has ever been taken ever of a human. He looks like a balloon animal. He genuinely looks Dude, you created something that enables this behavior. Nothing we do could ever make this. You did this, bro. But what I'm saying is like You don't get to blame me for being for putting attention on it. It's like you you walked out to the 7-Eleven in in blackface and then I was like, "Look what this guy's doing." It's not that extreme. It's not like attention. It's not like that. It's like that exactly. No, it's all right. Fine. You put shaking black. You are like a yellow journalist. Like you are you are you are making crazy out of what's not that crazy. That picture is crazy. I feel like it's most everyone listening has a crazy.5 of their friend on their phone. Yeah, but but it's done it's done in like Oh, let me get this picture. Oh, funny. Well, look at that. Oh, okay. That's it for us. You post it on your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Instagram. You have a platforming like I posted it on the front page of the New York Times. So, this is what Well, I just posted on Instagram. How many of you have Look, is there a millie? Okay. A mill. A million. That's kind of a low number. You're right. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. It might it might as well have been the cover of Men's Weekly that week and all. Hey all women, check this out. Cuz men's week cuz you're again cuz you're saying Men's Weekly because it's like an established place and then people would look at it expecting a certain thing. My Instagram story is not this sacred [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] land where we can't have a little goof in a gas. It's not a flattering picture of him. It's not a unflattering picture of yourself. I have three million followers on Twitch and I showed your balls on it. Yeah, because those are grape size and wonderful. It just look if I was if I was a young handsome man like Shake. By the way, Grapes is pushing it. You take that back. You'd be lucky both of them to warm gra. I'll ignore that for now. Couple raisins over there. I thought of a different joke. Um like if I was a young handsome man like Shake, active in the dating world, single available, and my famous friend put out the worst marketing campaign for my dating success. Ease the marketing campaign is what I'm saying cuz my post dies after 24 hours. And you know who's not keeping up? It was It was solidified in a website. It's It's immortal. Do Do you think the website came before or after Slime? I think it became because of the picture. I mean, the picture exists cuz the Lwick took it. I will Did Slime exacerbate the issue? Of course. Did he exacerbate? He created it. Oh, you created. No, no, no, no, no, no. Then what would have happened is it would have been up for 24 hours. People would have replied being like, "This is crazy." And then it would have died. You're Oenheimer. You ain't bomb, bro. Yes, I actually love that enough. I just made the hydrogen version. I'm Oenheimer. You am deaf. Yeah, I am destroyer of Shakes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dating life. But I then I met with the president and the president said to me like, "Yeah, go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off." And then you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blew up a bunch of places. Yeah, that's crazy. You're the president. You created the bomb. I created the hydrogen bomb. Without you, my hydrogen bomb doesn't exist. What I did is I used my brain to its max potential to create art. What you did is you took that art and you blew it up. I I look, you know what? For once, guys, vote on your phones. And I've only ever said it once. I'm Oppy. And all I do is bang bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and leave them. Oppy. Oppy. Hit it from the back. Why don't you Oppy side shots while spooning, please? Jesus Christ. Oh my god. Did you see? Jesus. What? I want him from Oppoy and I don't want him now. Shut up. Please shut up. Please shut up. Did you see Give me mouth shots. E, dude, dude. Dude, what is wrong with me? He never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot dog. Sorry. I thought it wanted to jump in. It sounded fun. What were you talking about? Loving uh Zipper, can you pull up what I sent you? Did you guys see Doug Doug stream? Oh my god, dude. Doug Doug was live yesterday and he pulled up. Is that what it looks like? Wait, I missed it in Zoolander. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's Yeah, that's when he's in the coal mine. You pulled up Ben Siller and Zoolander just ripping blackface. Not as bad as Robert Downey Jr. Uh, can you pull up what I sent? So yesterday, Doug Doug went live and he was scrolling through Steam games and he accidentally opened up a game where Hitler uh it it's called like Hitler. It's not a great link for/doug accidentally shows Hitler porn on stream. Yeah, he pulled up a game that was basically Hitler having sex with people. And then in the video he was like, "This is a funny game." But in the video of for the trailer, Hitler actually has sex with people. Yeah. And it's a buttass naked Hitler piping. That's what the video game was about. I think he thought that Steam wouldn't have this on there. And I just wanted to pull up cuz his Reddit was talking about it. And I just want to read the first few lines. All joking amusemes aside, this is actually a terrible situation. Tons of people, including minors, got flashed, not just by porn, but by Hitler porn. Hitler and italics. This sounds like something I would make up that Aiden did. Yeah, you want to show Hitler porn to kids on a lemonade stand. And and by god that bastard Doug Doug finally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did it. Oh my god, dude. Doug's he always the performer too. He says it in such a beautiful cadence in the clip. He's like oh didn't know it was a porn game. Like oh man dude the but this Reddit is a really funny scroll through cuz they're all talking about it so gravely. They're like this is such a bad situation. And I can't believe this happened. And the situation is like accidentally pulling up Hitler porn. It's just Hitler porn. It's not It reads like a bad two sentence horror. Pretty much everyone loses here. Oh, that's tough. Wow. So, I'm sorry for the downfall of LS. Yeah, this is the uh where it starts. Hey guys, come over [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with us. HP took it down. Come over [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with a real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcast, y'all. And tell you what, the one thing about the yard Ty, we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with HP. Ty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with HP. In fact, Ty is the one who made that HP. Yeah, go see who vibe coded that and LS [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with CP. Sorry, maybe I can't say that. Yeah, we're going to have Caleb Pitts on until you have Caleb Pitts. Caleb Pitts on Lemon would go crazy. Yeah. Oh my god, they wouldn't do it, bro. Fly them out. They don't do guests like that. Caleb Pitts wants to come on uh D and D. Oh my god, that' be amazing. I like that. He was saying maybe in October he flies out here for some D and D. October. What do you guys feel about because D and D's out now? We're We're hitting the section of episodes where I say we really where we really hit our stride. Bro, I think we need to I Why are we talking about work on the podcast? I was going to take it in a really boring direction just now. Look at you stopping yourself. I'll say it. Make it funny. Just cuz I did the thing. Say it. Don't spray it. We got to make shorts about that show to help the YouTube. Boring. A boring copy. Uh short maximize our viewership. Lose the shorts maybe a better too. And now we lose the shorts. Analytics haven't pushed enough. Analytics. Oh god. We make a thousand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hundred million dollars a year. And I look like a clown. All right. I like that. People like it. Yeah, me too. Dude, I realized today cuz we were like we were trying to find the channel that Trump was going to talk on. Uh and and Aiden was like, "Oh, Atrox Live." And I'm like, "Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Crusty the Clown doesn't look very good." And I realized like that's the caricature that comes out of my head. But what I was saying is that he did that. He did it almost exactly the same way again. And I said, "If we hadn't said atriarch 5 seconds before this, I wouldn't have known who you're actually in reality than that." Wow. It was actually a little bit meaner. That's mean, dude. Well, I think look, I think he sounds like the clown that's names as Crusty. I do think he sounds like Crusty the Clown. And I think if you're tuning in to a truck to like see what he thinks about President Trump, NGMI, Mind you, I walk in and it's a song on the screen plugging primes. That was also an NGMI moment. Yeah, we were all NGMI because the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, because he I I wanted Associated Press were in the YouTube chat. They're saying, "I want to be the best pirate skull emoji." Which is great. So, what do you think that damn stream is turning his son's beard gray? I think it stresses him out too much. I think he's stressed. He's got that big gray patch now, man. The president is 36. He's at the president. He's 36. What? 36 damn years old. No, he's not. He's younger than me. Yeah. He's not even I think he is 34. He's a year younger than me. I also have the same grays, but no one talks about it. But it's okay. Where? On the sides of my It's not a big old patch. Oh, I see like a couple. Yeah, he's got the patch, which is an interesting The patch is like pretty cool looking. Yeah, to be honest, I think he just looks good. But I got gray pubes. I got gray beard hairs. Not sure about the head. Don't know. The pubes are all gray all over except for age. They're just peppered around. You know, when you have all gray pubes, I want you to show it to me. Wow. On the money. Yeah. Um, that outfit is so hilarious. Click on that outfit next to the age, bro. Oh, he looks like he's in Streetlight Manifesto. Yeah, he looks like he's so bad. Why is there another one? Stop wearing checkers, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freak. Fox News and they put an awesome anime back. Oh my god. Wait, wait, wait. Does he have the cholo button? Go down. Is he cholo buttoning the the missing texture shirt? Okay, that's kind of a vibe. Han fits tier list maker. We got to do that. I had an idea of an episode where we have every single one of Lewig's episode outfits. Oh, yeah. We ranked those. Oh, that's good. We kind of did that with the We did a little the 200th episode. The worst. What was the other uh tier list idea we had? Candy. All candies. No, no, no. It was a different one. I think we set it on M2F. I forget, but it was awesome. All slime impressions. Oo, I do like that. Do like that. An audio tier list. Yeah, cuz we don't ever think of them. I think about them. audio bits sometimes. An audio listener meetup. Audio listener meetup meet and they don't know who to go to. We I've had people who have met me and and and thought I was entirely thought I was Aiden. Yeah. And I just have to believe their audio listeners. No, those are the people that like go to Open Sauce and they're like they just know it's a Lwig show, dude. Every time there Open Sauce has has destroyed this guy. But I know what you mean. Cuz the last Open Sauce, those were like the hardcore fans. They were hardcore. You're right. But there's a lot of people, dude, it was at um it was at Supernova, which is funny because those are like, you know, Melee heads, but there are a lot of like lot of week fans and they come to me because I'm obviously Slime and Bald. I get it. And then they'll be like, "Bro, and the other guy on the show, he went to the other show. Uh what's this? I'm such a huge fan. What is And I'm like I start to be like, "You're not a huge." You know, it was like that was the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] streamer games. We had some fake fans at that damn event. Dude, it's okay. We had we we had we had some people who were coming up and they would say things like like, "I'm the biggest yard fan. I'm like the I'm your biggest fan." And I would throw them a softball. I'd be like, "What's our producers's name?" They wouldn't know it. Yeah. I mean, why lie? Why lie to because they want something from you and they want to It's okay to be like, I think the yard is maybe interesting. Can I get a picture? It's just because it's corporate. It's corporate event world, you know, because sometimes you're a Red Bull employee who doesn't even know who Lewig is. Wheeling it, dude. But you're at streamer games, dude. That happens. Oh, you don't know about this? No, you know, he said it in front of you. I don't remember this. I wasn't listening or something. There's a Red Bull employee who's there and you don't know me? They said, "Get the contractor." He was one of the media contractors and they said they he was the contractor. Yes. That's why it was funny. Oh my god. because it's somebody working the event for Red Bull and they want to take a picture of the field and everything getting set up, right? And they said like, "Can we get that guy out of the way? Can we get that contractor like off the shot?" And it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guy probably. Can we get out of out of the way? Get that guy out of the shot, dude. Lwig streamer games. I don't even remember. I call it streamer games. I've never said anything in front of me. People say Ludwig streamer games. Did we already talk about you taking the laces out of your shoes? Hey, what's up with that? Uh, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that about? To be honest, those shoes were not meant to be laceless. No, they are supposed to be lace full. I took we talked about this. I took them out to tie down my tent in Japan. Laces and then he got them for me and then he's like, I got you the laces and then I don't know where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they are. They have a little swastikas on them. Like not again, Yingling. I thought it was like a design. Uh I at the streamer games I remember so Kelby is like I want to talk to you and Nut really quick before we go live. And I'm like that makes sense. And Kel's just giving us the run out of like here's our sponsors, here's what they expect, here's our deliver. And he's like doing the whole thing and and Nut is making it so hard for Kelby cuz he keeps every time he's like, "So, probably shouldn't say about something like this." And then Nut was like, "What if I talk about having an assault rifle?" And I already know all these rules. I I've done this bit a million times, so I'm like, I'm just over it. But Nut hasn't got to do this yet to talk to a suit in his mind. So Kelb's just like probably wouldn't be good. Like he still wants to be cool and he still wants to be like a fun guy who's like gets a joke but he's also like really doesn't want this job. And yeah. So and then Nut's like Yeah. No, for sure. For sure. So are we allowed to talk about Jeffrey Epstein? He's like, "Yeah, we just probably shouldn't mention Epstein, but that is funny. That is funny. You guys were pushing it with Simon says play with it a little bit or whatever you said. You said I didn't say that. I said that on Twitter. No, no, there was a Simon says joke on the stream. Oh, wait. I said Simon says deeper. Yeah, like that. Yeah. In case someone says someone says hit it from the back. That's fine. From the back. Oh, Simon didn't say Yeah. No, that's fine, bro. I mean, you you look that's all above board. Lewig says everything's okay until it's not. And I think that's a fine policy to live by. Yeah, they'll let you know afterwards, but we're running a damn show here. Dude, you almost died there. You almost died at Stra. Yeah, dude. I thought about it all day. It was crazy. So, they had giant Greek pillars scattered throughout the field. Yeah. But they also had some on the stage with the casters and it was a really windy rehearsal day. And we're sitting there. It's me, Nut, and Slime. cuz at that point I was thinking maybe I would do some casting on the desk and then we're get waiting for stuff to get situated and then the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] biggest pillar that's on the stage falls and just goes boom and it was maybe a foot behind slime. I thought it hit your leg. It did. It did hit my leg. There was a bruise like Did it hit it on the way down or did it fall and then like roll? It hit on the way down. Whoa. How's the anatomy of that? How did it like not hit your head? It came behind me and my legs were turned. Oh, it's it's on the side of you. Yeah. Yeah, he was like turned facing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And uh if that was like a foot to the right, that would have hit me in the head. I probably would have got a concussion. I think you tank it. I think I think I would have got a concussion for sure. You tank it, bro. But also, it's like my neck might have got crazy. N you tank that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What if it fixed something? Like what if like you no longer want to reply to everyone? Oh my god. And you're like that guy who got stabbed through his eyeball in the railroad. Yeah. And he became different. Uh now Well, then then what? Then the show's more boring. I guess we lose our X factor. I guess we lose our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] X factor, which that's what I am. Our X factor is your evilness. He Yeah, we lose we lose. Oppoy, give me mouth shots. So it's like I like that part of the episode. And then and I and if I'm being I would hate to lose that back when Slime has his altered form. He's like up, give me mouth shots. I'm like I don't think that's Hey man, like I appreciate you trying to like like bring it to the show, but don't do that, man. It's not cool. I just I end up like like wanting to talk about business and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] politics and we're just sitting around you going like give me the big boy opy. We can do a great exchange. We can do a great exchange. We can get Doug and you can go to lemonade stand. We get lemonade stand slime, dude. And I'm like I wear glasses now and like pocket protectors. Really good points, Atriox. Oh, you were in NorCal. It's a great area, dude. I was watching your stream and I love it. Uh by the way, Dude, Zip, did Donald Trump say anything yet, by the way? I'm curious. Before we When I went out there, when I went out there, he was talking. He wasn't dying. He was talking normal. He was talking normal. He's doing a presentation about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like the Space Defense Force. We saw I don't even know what we were looking at, but I don't know if it's part of some sort of bill or whatever, but uh Space Commands officially moving to Alabama is what the presentation's about. Who care? That sucks. I know. Who care? I I don't know why everyone everyone on Twitter thinks he's dead and they thought he's going to walk up there and go I am dead and then die on camera. But this was announced that it was going to be this. Well, what we were reading in the other room was that there uh there are potentially large tax cuts coming to many different styles of content creator including podcasters. I've been saying we need tax cuts. Apparently this this cut applies to your tips. Like you won't be taxed on your tips. And I was I was thinking, guys, we should we got to do a restructure, dude. So, how should we restructure the show in order to make all the money tips instead of you do no Patreon? Instead, Patreon's free, but you can tip. What if the yard turns into a restaurant? Whoa. We do the podcast from a restaurant and your Patreon is is tip. You tip and you get to listen. But if you don't tip, you just get to go eat like a lasagna or whatever we have. We would not serve lasagna. No Italian foods at our restaurant. What are you talking about? No Italian. No, I want to be No. Italian foods. No. No. Maybe some Greek food. No. Greek food. Greek food. Yes. Probably Greek food. A mufalada. Mostly Greek food. You can't mostly muada. You can't say that. Just No. I gave him the mostly mufalada. Yeah. We would be a We would be Italian, Greek, French, white, American, you know, beautiful combination. Well, he's like fusion restaurants. You're You're like British, right? So, we'd have some boiled gray. What What's Swed Swedish food? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] IKEA meatballs. A skogen. A very fishy lasagna with a taziki and what's a cigarette in the middle you must smoke before you eat. Dude, should I say something? Should you? There's a new restaurant in town that I went to. Okay. And their menu is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up horrible. bad for you or or bad tasting. I think badly written. Okay. So, the menu Do you say what it is? It describes certain things. Uh the menu describes certain things in know without just saying what it is. So, it'll be like uh there's the house salad and it's like it has radishio and I have to look that up and it's just radish. Yeah. And but they're putting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in like Italian. Okay. And then one of them is uh and I'm like, "What's that?" And I look it up and it was like Italian for like a goat. And I was And I And that's all that comes up when you Google it. And then I I Did you order it? I ordered that it was I inferred that it was goat cheese. Oh. And it And and it turns out after asking and clarifying it was, but I looked this all up before going to the restaurant and the restaurant's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dead. It just opened and I'm talking to the guy. I'm like, "This is go cheese, right?" But I think because I had Googled it beforehand, he thought I just inferred it like on the spot. So he he was really excited response. He's like, "Yeah, yeah, like that's that's go cheese. You got it. You got it." And then I wanted they had like a breakfast sandwich and I read on again the website it was like a pizza, which I found out what a pizza was by googling it, which is some Italian flatbread like bread. Is it like a pizza but kind of different? It's kind of like a pizza with olive oil and no sauce on it. Just the dough with some olive oil. It's like a joke we would make. Can I get a pizza? Is it like a panini? Like a panini with missing one of the sides of bread? It's Imagine literally just pizza dough bread cooked and they use that as the bread for a sandwich. Okay. So that's what a pizza is. And so he's like he's Yeah, that's that's it. So I'm like I'm like, "Can I get the breakfast sandwich?" And then he starts to explain how the bread is weird and I go, "Like a pizza?" And he goes, "Yes, yes." Like a pizza. Nobody gets it. Yeah. And I don't know how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] break it to him that it's like, "Bro, I only got it cuz I Googled for 10 minutes before I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] walked in. Your menu is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and your business is going to go under." Well, was the food fly? The food was fire and the restaurant was empty. There were genuinely two people in there. They just opened. Huh? Put them on. I ain't putting them on cuz you didn't have a good experience. I ain't putting him on till he fixes the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He hates having to work for anything. And he had to work for a pizza. Yeah, he got He's got to fix the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But I don't know if I should tell. I don't know if that's too much. I think it would be Okay, here's there was an episode of Seinfeld uh where this all happened. It was a Pakistani restaurant and Jerry goes in, he's like, "You got to change your menu, Baboo. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food sucks." And you change your menu. And Baboo does it and then his business goes under and Jerry's to blame. But I think you could be the the good version of this with like an appropriately aed girlfriend. You are right that if it's already on a trajectory to go under, but I say change something, then you'll be blamed. It still goes under, I'll be blamed. When he sees a Japanese menu, he can't read Italian. What is this? Who is Oh, see the Japanese are very They don't say food. They say essence of life. I think that's beautiful. I actually have a tattoo tattoo that says that it said like a goat for goat cheese. What is that? I got a goat. That's beautiful. I guess you're right. If that wasn't like hiragana, I would go crazy. Yeah, exactly. You'd be like, this is actually just a tradition. But I would only go crazy if it was in Japan. No, you go to you go crazy for anything Japanese in any country. Yeah. Yeah, I would. Yeah, I would. Do is there a Red Bull Japan? Yeah. You got a link with them? Uh, I they I can't. What? They speak Japanese. Is that a problem? The Red Bull. What's wrong with that? What do you mean they speak Japanese? I don't speak enough for them. Oh, you don't speak? I can't link up with Yuki Cenoda. Wait, you're talking about Red Bull? The guy from Lincoln Park? Yeah. Most of them speak English. Huh? I've been there. Most of them speak English. You've been there? Yeah. What business you got going there? Oh, don't ask. Oh, don't ask me. We us and Omid get up to some crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in Japan. Yeah, with the Red Bull Japan office Japan office. They all speak English, bro. You want You need to link with Omid. He know lived in Japan for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years and works at Red Bull for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] year, but I didn't know he went and I know Omid speaks Japanese. I didn't think they let people like him go through. What does he know about Nepone culture? Can you do some badass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from Red Ved like Michelle Car's video where she held on up to a plane like like Mission Impossible? Yeah, dude. I dead ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a five foot high jump. What? Bro, I did a 5 foot high jump. No, that was good. That's not badass. Really? 4 foot six. It's not bad. It's not bad to do a five foot high jump when a guy goes right after you and does a seven foot high jump. First off, he did six six. That's high. He did six flat. Actually, he failed a six. That's still pretty high. And is higher than six flat. Okay. You can't be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on him. I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on him, but like you can't be well. Actually, I'm closer to him than I am to you. I'm currently in a chess match with that guy right now. Yeah. How's it going? Yeah, I'm up two pawns. There we go. Done deal. Yeah. Very aggressive player. Very aggressive player. That's so cute how you guys play chess to this day. What would some badass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be? I'm not doing it like Michelle K. She's crazy, bro. I watch that video. She's playing nuts. She's nuts. I think she wants She has the death drive. Yeah, dude. She should say we have some param motors. Maybe she has that thing in her brain like Alex Hnold. You know how like Alex Honold? She actually she says exactly the opp the opposite cuz in the video she's like people think I'm very fearless but I'm specific. I'm exactly extremely scared of all this stuff and that's why I want to do it. I think she actually just has a like performance drive. Like if it's on camera she can just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Me and her are the same. I think she wants to be like the like a like a Steve Irwin kind of type and this is like the only way is to like be a be a badass. Well, she's have to get the suspenders. Well, I don't know. She she could be like a wild boys type thing. I guess she doesn't like animals as much. Maya should pivot into a wild boys arc. Maya should ride a like ride one of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hogs around Oasam and shoot in the air. Maya should put her hand in like the bullet ant hive like Chris Pontius did. Maya needs like a I guess gonna say Don Veto, but I guess not literally that kind of guy. Don Veto. No, just like a just a guy that she bullies, but related. She needs a Phil. Yeah, Phil. And then an ape. Yeah, Phil. Got ape. Yeah. I've been I went to a a museum with Maya and Cutie and I was just pitching all my animal thoughts to her and this is She gets this a lot totally a lot and she's real judgmental about them. How so? Yeah, cuz she's getting them constantly. Cuz I I was like, "Fuck, man. Mammals are awesome." I came to that conclusion. Okay. I was like, "Mamals are so cool." So, what's what are your top three mammal facts? Cappy bars are cool. They're the biggest rodent. That's That's That's capi bar. Let's mammal facts. Uh mammal facts. They're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. They ain't been around that long and we should [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have more of them. That's what I got for you. You smoke on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think that Maya probably interprets your cool animal ideas just as like when I'm like, "Hey, you should do a fishing stream." Yes, because she literally said she rolled her eyes and she went, "Of course you think that." That's such a Maya thing to say. Lovely. Would you rather bring back every single extinct animal? But there's no other option. We other option. Give me the other option. Why do you want that? Whatever the other option is, I'll take it. You don't want to engage the second one. Well, it's pretty cool. Cool. So, I'm mad because I feel like the second one was or get an equal amount of new animals. Yep. Give me the new ones. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the old ones. Why? They died for a reason. What? God didn't love them. You don't want to see a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] velociraptor. God didn't love Velociraptor. That's why he sent the meteor. That's a fact. Yeah, that's a fact. Dude, that God was governing dinosaurs. Isn't that crazy? Do you think he liked it better? I don't know. because he had dinosaurs. That saw him deleting your old YouTube videos. This was like a phase. I was 16. I was saying I don't know. He rocked with the dinosaurs for so long. I know. Do you know how long the dinosaurs were around? Forever. So long that some dinosaurs didn't hang out with other dinosaurs cuz eras of dinosaurs, dude. Get three eras of dinosaurs. Yeah, three. Dude, this is blowing my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Did you know that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. 165 million years we had dinosaurs and they never invented the iPhone. We got the Jurassic. Oh my god. They never post one spread. The Cretaceous. Jurassic and the Cretaceous. What's the third one, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I forget. Yeah, you don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. I do know about the triacic, bro. How about you try acid? I'll be triacid, bro. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, with you guys want to do it with me? No. No, I don't know. I want to see that. I don't do drugs. Nobody wants to have any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. I would do anything to see I think. Would I rather see a dinosaur in real life or go to the moon? Dude, the moon's gay. What? Real. Don't say real to your own father. Well, then you should live there and be the president, I think. You know what? You're right. Me and your dad will be there. We're on We're on my dad's gay thing right now. My dad's not My dad's not bent. Your dad's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gay. Alex is convinced that that Nick's dad is gay. I've seen the car he drives. He is gay, dude. Right. That 80s Mercedes. Oh my god. He drives it. Your dad is like in in very like Donald Trump sort of way. He probably like loves Broadway. Oh, hell no. No. He doesn't love like show tunes. No. My My dad My dad's from like the hood in Brooklyn. Yeah. My dad's the straightest guy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out there. My dad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loves [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like that's a gay man from Brooklyn. Oh man. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You go to the moon. You dead ass go to the moon over dinosaur. I don't know. What dinosaur would it be? He's He's torn up. But he thinks moon is So you'd pick dinosaurs. Of course I pick dinosaur. Dude, the moon it has nothing to offer. Is it one dinosaur? Yeah, sure. Cuz if so, then I go to the moon. What? If it's one dinosaur. But you get to pick. You should look at all of them and pick which one you get to see in real life. No, but it's one dinosaur. Aurus. I know. But whatever dinosaur I'd pick, the moment I'd see it, I'd be like, "Fuck, I wish I picked a different one." What if What if it was a dinosaur from like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like preangia [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or during like area where Japan would be? And like in what? It has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baseball bat and it's it's calls itself show. What's dinosaur in Spanish in Japanese? Uh, it's actually just dinosaur. Oh my god. Did it spill? You spilled. I know. Sorry. Japan is a hot spot for dinosaur discoveries with species like the duck build camu camoaurus. Let's see a picture of that carnivorous. Fukuaptor. Uh, no. I I think also if a dinosaur's fossil is found in a land, it didn't necessarily roam that area. I totally understand people who don't believe dinosaurs roam the earth. I get it, man. What? That's crazy. What about the bones? That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is crazy. Dude, they're like, "Wait, how do you explain the bone?" They have an explanation, bro. You guys should dead ass go to the natural history museum of your local city cuz they're so awesome. God, I hate how your museum pilled. You went [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] once and you made our day worse for it. Do you know what the anti-dinaur explanation is? Do you know what they believe? Well, it depend most people who don't believe dinosaurs are religious, but they believe that they were put there by God as a test of faith. Oh my god, that's crazy, bro. You got to see them and just be like, that's so insane. I think it's awesome. Not insane. That was a good That was a good chump check by God. And you fell for it, loser. Is it Is it Are they all chump checks though? Yeah, the moon is a chump check. Why is God trying to trick me? Cuz the god wants He wants you to prove he's trying to test you, not trick you, bro. The difference. I don't think it cuz Okay, then I've been successfully tricked by God. Okay. Yeah, then you failed his test. You failed his test. What? I was tr I was tricked by an omnipotent being. Our God is an awesome God. Dude, I ate a hot dog in 16 seconds. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh my god. You're an eater. You guys are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You grinded it. By the way, I'll cancel. Guy guy who guy who worked at improving at an activity improves time. In the hypothetical we said if you can't grind it, it defeats the purpose of fashion. That's the the whole thing is like the basis of you can't grind. I grinded, bro. It took me three dogs. No grind. Hold on. Hold on. This is the issue. You're like, I grinded and I got it in 16 seconds. And all of us were like, "Yeah, if you grind it, you'll improve." None of this is novel. In two more dogs, you can't do 16. Sure, maybe you're better at grinding. Two more dogs. Maybe you're a bigger eater. What do you What do you Yeah. Like, but the thing is I think you looked up something. Oh my god. So, you did. That's it. I know. I I actually Well, it's all on video. First off, it be not the part before you were cooked. The thing is you would have just said instantly. No. Well, that's Well, hold up. cuz I did look something up, but I didn't look up how to eat it. I looked up I was I did a I did a 5 hour live stream on a zero viewer channel and what I did is I watched Joey Chestnut's YouTube short on how to eat a hot dog. So you watch video. You literally asked for an expert's opinion. Let me finish. It's a meme video where he goes you go like this and then the video ends. And I went that was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] useless. Your intention was there? No. But then I just mimicked what I've seen in videos, which is just the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dunk in the water. Oh, use the water. I do the water. So gross. It was not that gross and really easy. I don't think here here's my crazy hot take on the Joey Chestnuts challenge. 100 meter challenge right now, by the way. Brought to you by Red Bull. I think that we should be there should be a no water rule. That's so stupid. I don't think it's stupid. I think we should play we should play with items on because that's the way the game is supposed to be played because any stage items on water that's what the game really is realize what you're saying free-for-all too. The problem is that we don't eat hot dogs like that and that's the magic we can all you want the pace car in the marathon. You want the pace car in the marathon. What are you talking about? It's like and it's like no what are you talking about? We don't eat hot dogs by dipping them in water. We eat them like normal people and the fun is enjoying that and being the best at doing that part. I think the water's fine. I think it's just you I think really it's just it's his first time doing it. He doesn't get any you can't do two times. You can't practice beforehand. That's the more important part. I I'm saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you saying I beat Joey right now. Oh yeah, but you had Vod. We can literally make this happen. I mean he's not inaccessible. I cook Joey. I think to the people who who run the Joey Chestnut bot, if you could if you could reach out to us, we want to race him. To Joey's team, sorry. Joey's team. You will respond to come eat an awesome hot dog with us. That lens is dirty. Is it? Yeah. You know what? It probably has tomato juice all over it from the rockathon. It's probably what it is. Um, yeah. So, anyway, we'll race. You obviously rude. I cook them, bro. You could I'm interested. I saw how fast he runs his 100. All I have to do is eat a hot dog in less than 12 seconds. Maybe this is in the video. He doesn't have to even try in the 100 because his lead is so Maybe this is the first uh yard video is we all have to individually try to beat Joey Chestnut. Y'all aren't good enough to be in this. No offense. I'm sorry. I thought you said it was easy with water. For me, it was easy. Oh, easy, but only for you. Yeah, for me. Okay. But like what's the point in having three other guys [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] taking two minutes, dude? That's crazy, man. I ate one. No, no training. No idea. Imagine him with water. You have a real eater to your left with footage and you come in here talking like you're the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz he runs 100 meters slower than Joey Chestnut. Oh, I don't think it's true. Okay. I think God, if we took Joey Chestnut's VOD of the running, Slime, we saw Slime's VOD of the running. Yeah, better than Joey's. Well, guys, we're going to put our nut on your chest in the Patreon and you can you can go there and listen to more of The Yard. We're actually going to record this one right now. Yeah. So, we'll be very burnt out, so it'll be a it'll be a very slo terrible episode. What are you talking about? It'll be really good. And my nuts are the size of grapes. And we'll see you there. There we go. You look at me. I can't. I'm scared. I'm scared. You're plaid on that rift. Then we're boys on that rift. Are you plat right now? Yeah, I am. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what happened to Emerald? Wait a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ch. Why are you saying you're emerald online? Cuz I got an account that hit Emerald 2 and I was like, it's my account.