 Salt Cove Leica STCL baby. It's like a wet cobblestone corner. I remember that we're here because of a plague breaking out. What do you think the mass is going to do? Are you at the crossroads? I am. Come on. Come on. When a free bowl of They call this Oni Giri. He just told us people are dying and I'm the one getting made fun of. I think we're going to have to kill all you. Hello and welcome to the yard episode eight. Eight. I feel like it's eight. Episode seven. It's I mean it is the new seven though if you if you you think about it. We've either created a a very popular new hit show or there's 10,000 people watching and we don't know that. Now that's kind of fun. You know, we don't know in this video right now. fills up an arena. Yeah. Oh, I like that mentality. We fill up like a Staples, but like not the arena, just a Staples. Staples. Not the Staples Center. Got it. We fill up the Staples. Great. Uh, when last we were here, you all are in the Shattered Cove, which is the capital of the Dominion of Leo. You've been sent here to get to the bottom of a plague that has been sweeping through the city. But as you're investigating, you are seeing some signs of people being sick, but not necessarily just sweeping, rampaging illnesses everywhere. People seem like they're kind of just going on about their lives. In the process of investigating, because again, Leo is the home of Gorg and Leonus. Leonus got a little frustrated with you guys not taking things too seriously and struck out on his own with Princess Selenia to investigate, maybe said some low-key racism against artificial people. I didn't mean I didn't like you, bro. She's not going to hit. Most racists don't mean it. I have an Alexa at home. So, he just didn't look like he owned the store. It didn't look like it. Like, speak to the manager cuz it can't be him, right? I get it. I get it. But in the process of uh Leonus was actually attacked by a group of people that had nothing to do with the man that you offended in the boat DGA uh claiming that they were not terrorists, that they were revolutionaries. Meanwhile, uh on land, you had asked to speak to the captains that are in charge here, whose names I created and still need to read to make sure I say right. Captain Aara Stormcha Allara Stormchaser and Captain Rook Tide Walker. And your cont your contact here uh Katagat who is another one of your fellow Pterodin said she would go off and find Leonus. You all watched her turn into a seagull and then a seal and then plunge into the water. And we actually even though Leonus is in a bit of a pickle right now, we will actually come back to you three here. And I'm high as balls. You are in fact high as balls. Let's go. And the last word was you said you wanted to make your way to the pub, I believe. Or did you want to try and make your own way to Captain Stormchaser and Captain Tide Walker? Ran, do you think that you might ever get scared that you'll be like this forever? Huh? Is that the way you are? Oh, I'm sorry. Ran, you're talking so loud. You're really loud. You're really loud right now. Sorry. Yeah, just better. Sorry. It's okay. Am I in a box? Most people are looking at you right now. What What do you want to do, Ro? I don't know. I I'm like in a box. Do you guys see the box? Do you want us to move the box? Does anyone have a cure? I think drinking would fix this. I think the I think you need I don't think there'll be any more. I think you want to let go. Well, okay. I don't I just Maybe like an antidote or something. Let's get you a ginger root beer. Let's get you what you need. My goat. Is my skin sour? Off in the distance, you all hear Gork? Gorg, is that you? Gork, that is you. Uh, and you all see a very fancy looking tow woman. She looks very wellto-do and respectable. Is she attractive? Can I roll for attractiveness? Well, it's his mother, so yes. I would like to roll for with with advantage, please. Rolling for that. I have sex with her. Yes, I do. roll for did you versus what you service on a 20. No way. No way. He actually did roll stone beard. I'm going to let you describe Gorg's mother. However, I'm going to say this. But I'm going to tell you this though. She is a far nicer looking woman than you ever would have think who could have possibly given birth to him. She is very respectable. She's very nice. You tell me what his mom looks like with a natural tape. Oh, it's natural, bro. Oh, yeah. This sucks. The dice giveth and they take it away. Sir, do you know how Gorg talks about Horizon? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it might stem from some mommy issues. I see. Cuz Horizon doesn't look like that. We know this. Yeah. You got like a edipus kind of. But where did that come from? Where did that come from? You got to wonder. Mhm. It came from his mother. The divine. George's mother has a beautiful rack. Beautiful rack. It's the first thing you notice when you Oh my There's a very It's a corset. I mean, it's Man, I'm not being rude. It's just what? It's just front and center. Second thing you notice is her eyes are so kind and they look like Yorks. They look like York's green eyes. I don't like thinking about that part. Yeah, I don't want to think about that too much. It's the wrong pair to look at. Mhm. It's second best. They're not wrong. She doesn't have a lot of wrinkles. kind of looks like she might have had some work done, maybe Botox, but it's actually just her youth. It's her youth. She's always been really healthy. I had to eat like hella like natural food. You ate kelp growing up and and Leo has a lot of sun, but she always had that sunscreen on. She wore parasol right now. So, right now she has a parasol. She has a corset. Orange accents on her corset. She's wearing stilettos. Oh my god. Jesus Christ. Can Can we have like the whale bone skirt though? like the full. Yeah, it's it's like a summer skirt maybe below. Yeah. Is my mom rich? Well, here's the thing, Gorg. And this is the thing. Uh, Ran and Stone Beard. He has always made you all think that he is like out of the scum. He took you to this like pool, this actual puddle of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is clearly a very wellto-do woman. Gorg honey, hello. And she does just Ah, right. Step aside. Uh, breast ma'am. Sorry. Hello. Uh, ma'am breast breast. Yes. Uh, but however, because you can tell us what your mom's name is, though. The dice have decided that he had to say what she looks like. But you can tell us what your mother's name is. Oh, can I? Oh, please. No pressure. Hang on. I'm not going to look at you for a second. Oh my. You've given him power. No. No. Don't do it, man. Don't do it, man. Her name's Paloma. Oh my god. Excellent. I'm sorry I called you breast missorg. What was your name? I'm sorry. Oh, my name is Paloma. But York, you introduce your mother to these fine boys. Hey, so this is Stone Bread. Stone Beard. Do I call him Stone Bread? Ashanti. Uh, could I call you Mrs. York, you absolutely can. I prefer that. I would prefer that. It's Aren't you love? Wait. And she looks around for a second and she goes, "Did you take them to that slime pool and tell them that that's where you're from?" I am from there. I hung out there all the time. You grew up on a palatial estate up on the cliffs. Wait, wait, wait. You said you got it out the mud. You're saying this? Yes. Was born with a silver spoon. Literally, he just wanted to go through a phase where he got to seem cool. It wasn't a phase. I wasn't happy a lot. Oh, and you're yelling now. Mom, it's I'm I didn't mean to introduce Yes. He is out the mud. Yes. I'm sorry. So, how long was he raised in the palatial state before he went to the puddle? How old is he? Yeah, his entire life. How How old are you, Dave? How old am I? Toral have roughly human roughly human lifespans. Slightly shortered like torto's lived to be about 80. So you're you're probably my 20s. Yeah. 20 22. I'm 26. Yeah. So 26 years in a palatial estate. Wait, you're 26. You're 26, ma'am. You don't look a day over 30. It's Oh, you stop it. You absolutely look to be a tear. Actually, if you would, uh, Ran and Stone Beard both give me wisdom checks. Could I also roll a charisma check to RZ's mom? I would love to. Absolutely. But first, either either intelligence or wisdom. Just the check. Wisdom. Whichever is higher. Not a save, just a check. We're rolling to see if you remember something. 19. 16. 16. Both of you remember he's got a child. Miss G. Yeah. First off, you look amazing. Uh, beautiful. Hey, you look amazing for a grandmother as well. It's also am I am I in a box? Uh, mom. Hey. Uh, look over here. Wait, bro. Where's Where's the little one that you usually have, dude? There's a little one that was Meanwhile, back under the ocean who may be in less danger. Leonus. Uh, remember Leonus, you were beset by four men that were walking across the bottom of the ocean. They have corals and things growing all over them. Uh, in Princess Selenia, uh, the shadows leapt into her hands. She's like, "Now, yes, I did." Now, now, go ahead and roll initiative for me, Leonus. Dude, a one, bro. Again, Leonus, you're badly distracted by something. I'm really I'm honestly I have a hard time letting go of like I don't like upsetting people and I know I'm in harm's way right now, but I cannot stop thinking about the storekeeper and I just I just hadn't seen someone like him being the owner of the store before and it's been a long time since he's been not used seeing those people in those positions. Right. So what do you someone right now? I don't They're called war for I'm like kind of mumbling to myself as the as this as they gear up around me. Just imagine even you were like what do I mean you people? Why did I say that? I just feel like I need to do a lot of self-reflection later. Got to check your privilege. It's a sea elf thing. Uh you see two of these guys pull up blow darts and they shoot right at you and I'm 99% sure both are going to hit you. What is your AC? It's a 17. While you're sort of like kind of looking back at this boat dais anchor is like clearly pulling a gate down and people are scattering. Two darts just embed themselves in your neck. Uh I need two constitution saves. Oh no. Okay. Total seven. Okay. Let's let's do this one live. Oh my god. Total six. It's huge. This is horrific. Well, for now it only does 12 points of damage, but you do feel just like a burning sensation kind of start to like radiate outwards. Selenia looks at you and she opens her mouth, but again, she can't really talk that easily um underwater. She looks at you and she goes, "Uh, I'm kind of frozen." You can talk cuz you live underwater. needles in. I think I still got my I got I still got my plague mask on. All right. I'm I'm I got to be honest. I'm spiraly. This hasn't been a great day. My friends didn't want to My friends aren't taking the plague seriously and they're not messed up. And then I'm racist in the store. And uh I I I I'm suffering from a bit of like sensory overload right now. This uh uh uh I I think we need to leave. I think we need to leave. I can I can I grab her? Can I misty step with her? Uh, no. Cuz you can only misty step with another 50 lbs. However, uh she looks at you and she just holds her hand up and you see like tendrils uh of shadows start coming out of the water and like grabbing these dudes and like she grabs you by the hand and starts running mogged. I'm like I'm like in one of those vid like POV videos where your girlfriend's taking you down. I you'll be my girlfriend saving me from Marauders. Okay. I thought I thought you needed the sword to do that. She looks at you and she goes, "I don't know much more about this than you do." And then she's just dragging me away. We're I mean we you are still actively in combat. You still can act, but I mean that is that is what she is trying to do. She's using her her move to try and get AC get away from you. However, you do see the biggest of these dudes jumps and sort of just like lands right in front of you and he just like taps his neck in the same place where those darts are and just starts laughing. Do I have anything that would allow me to can I can I do any check or save to like check what I might be infected with or like what might have been in the needles that they showed me? You could give me a medicine check. Oh yeah. My god, this game has everything. Mhm. It has medicine. It does. It's got medicine. Yeah, I'll do I'll do a medicine trick. Okay, dude. Is it good? You're getting them all out of your system early, buddy. Is it good? It's a one. What possibly could go wrong? You pull lint out of your pocket. It's like I I don't know, Leonus. What you What do you think they've injected you with? Cuz it is wildly incorrect. These these Chinese viruses. Oh, this is like Oh, there's so many somebody This is probably from like a lab around here or something. It's like war for the game. You know what I It's like I I'm coming to no conclusions. I take the mask off. I'm like I've been hit in the neck with something. Mask isn't doing me any good anymore. I'm I'm giving up the flu anyway. It is It is your turn though. You can you can do whatever you like. I want to try and run away right now. I'm already pretty hurt and I don't know what is going on uh with my neck. It hurts and burns and it feels like it's expanding up into my jaw. Mhm. And I want to get rid of the guy in front of us and escape as quickly as possible. So, I would like to fire my long bow, I think, twice at this guy. And oh, thank god. Uh 23 total. More than enough to hit him. And then second one, 20 total. Just put two in his chest. Uh, we get 10 damage on one. Okay. And 12 damage on the other. Is the two just sort of hit him like he's like laughs and stops for a second and he just opens his mouth and you see like a little bit of a cloud of blood come out and he just sort of like falls to his knees and then just like slumps to the side and Selenia looks at you and goes, "Thank you. Thank you." Uh, don't don't swim. Don't swim through the blood. Don't swim. It kind of floats there for a while. It's not like a normal fight. You don't want to He doesn't look like that. He doesn't look like a guy that you'd want to drink his You wouldn't want that in your Right. When you say that, give me a perception check. There are guys whose blood you want to swim through. Yeah. What does he mean by that? We all went to college. Uh, 20 total. Is you're telling her that and she's just sort of like jumping up and down behind her. You see the silhouette of an absolutely huge great white shark coming straight for you two. And meanwhile, back up here. No. Grandchild. Ah, it's like a It's like a whole I'm so sorry. Yeah, you guys couldn't just not said anything. Oh, grandchild. Grand I can we see your house? Yes. Yeah, let's go to the house. Let's go to the house. turns and she looks at you and she kind of like pushes your eyes wide and sees that your pupils are kind of like dinner plates and she's like, "Would you like some help with this?" Yeah. She just taps you on the head and you feel fine. Yeah. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You see that all the time? I'm not in a box. Turns out besides the like metaphorical box. You guys could have told me that. You know, life is a series of rooms. He has a kid. She reaches up and she grabs your very tiny ears. she still can get right to it. And she goes like, "I realize that you're a big shot pterodin and a and a man grown right now, but there's still some things you have to tell your mother." And she very much kind of like starts tiptoe walking him and looks at you and she's like, "I'm sorry that you had to see this side of me." Yes. Would you all stone beard? Ashante, this very pleasure to very nice. Yes, please. I would love it. Wouldn't we love it if they saw our home? Yes, they would love it so much. This is We're all part of the same Teridan group. I'm actually uh find myself to be a bit of a mentor for Gorgon. This is Ran, my uh compatriate. Very nice to meet you. Co-leer. Hi, Ran. Nice to meet you again. Did I meet you already once? Yeah, but you licked my hand. It was kind of gross. I thought I'd imagine that. I'm really sorry. I realized that you know it was a dragon by the way. I taught you better than that. Like there's there's chunks of him hanging off, son. Like clearly, oh god, he he is a Yes. I Yes, it's kind of gross. And she like lets go of your ear and she's like, if you want to keep those ears attached to your head, please tell me you at least have an etching of my grandchild. Perhaps an illusion you could Oh, I can show you. There's no like And I can I want a changeling into his baby. Do you act with like a little pseudo dragon like she was? I've seen it, right? So I can show Yeah. Oh, yeah. You seen it? I don't have anything. I don't have anything. Oh, I can show you. And I look exactly like GJ. Very It's very accurate. Looks like that. Her name's GJ. Gorg Jr. I'm neglected by my dad. Please, bro. It's a It's It was like a dragon. Uh like a It was like a one night. And ma'am and ma'am, are dragons turtles? You can't ask that to us. I've always wondered this. I think it's a fair question there. I mean, there is a such thing as a dragon turtle, but that is not what we are. No, there is now. And she's like, "All right, fine. Come on." And starts dragging you back down this um back down this gang way. Although both of you, actually, all three of you can give me perception checks. I got a 22 total. Perfect. I did as well. Perfect. Oh, that was almost bad. I got an 18 total. You know, that's not bad. Uh although you you are sort of getting bered right now, you two realize there are armed men kind of massing at each end of the gang plank. Mrs. Gord, what's your what's your standing in the city here? What do you you mean you seem to be a very high up official? It's Well, you know, I'd like to think I've made a name for myself. I am a physician, a healer. Um back when I was a bit younger, I also served on the front lines. Me as well. It's in the war. The war. I was in the war. I was in the war. I don't talk about it a lot. Something I don't bring up a lot. Be quiet. Yes. Yeah. Where'd you serve? Uh mostly uh here in in Leico, you know, um aquatics, you know what I mean? Out on the front lines. And every once in a while she holds up her parasol and you see just like a 6-in blade pops out of the bottom of the parasol. She's like, "Doesn't look like much. Still enough though." And it just like impressive right back in. And she's like, "Why do you ask?" Well, uh, just wondering, is there a Mr. Gorg? You know, is there a Mr. Gorg? Yeah, they That's why I'm so messed up, bro. They divorced, bro. That's why I wanted to go in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What's Mr. Gorg's name? You're not here, bro. But I will ask that. Wait, you you told you told me your that your dad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was gone. It was just a divorce. Is he not gone from the palatial estate? You kind of made it sound worse. I feel like when you said I thought he was dead. I mean, he's not dead, is he? Not last I heard. He was kind of a jerk. I see a lot of him in you. Yes. Let's go, Mom. What? Stone Red, why are you asking? Well, I was just wondering. It seems like there's a lot of guards. I didn't know if they were escorting us or Oh. Oh. Uhoh. Oh yeah, bro. I was trying to tell you that. And when you see that, you do see like the five that are directly ahead of you like kind of actively start walking further forward again. Kind of like hands on hilts, but not weapons drawn just yet. Meanwhile, back under the water. Shark. I see the shark come out of the distance. M I'm my I'm my anxiety is is vanishing and my adrenaline's uh starting to pump and I uh can I take an action right now in the in the context of the fight? Uh I uh shove kind of I quickly shove Selenia down and so that she's like out of the way of this oncoming shark. And I try as hard as I can to push myself forward and swim at the shark. And all I can think is uh getting getting Selenia out of the way. And I want to try and punch the shark in the eye as it's coming at me. You can give me an attack roll if you like. I hope this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fails so bad. I hope this fails so bad. It's a seven. It was a seven. I thought it was a one. It's right next to it though. It is. I see why you feel that way. It's a seven. I see why you feel that way. I launch myself forward swimming and I, you know, I'm smaller than the shark and I uh I reach out. I reach out my fist. And as you go to punch, the shark just rotates like a barrel roll and swims right past you and grabs one of these dudes and just like shakes him and rips him in half and then like turns around and looks at you and the shark looks right at you and says, "Why are you trying to hit Katagat in the face? I'm coming to assist you." What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Katon? It's I It is very effective. No, you were coming at the princess. If I was coming in disguise, the guys, they're like right there. Wait, should I let the other guys leave or did I misread the situation? You shot the first dude. I figure I do the biting. Oh my god. She's like, "Ooh, would you want to do the interrogations?" They don't need legs for the interrogations. I We can leave one guy. Oh, I'm I'm feeling a lot angrier now. And I feel like I haven't I've been kind of like sad and ashamed most of the day and if not a little frustrated, but now I feel angry. And I know she was helping me, but I feel angry that I was tricked. I feel angry that my punch in front of the princess just completely missed and my heroic effort means nothing. And I uh I want these guys that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up my day to to pay the price. You see like as you're kind of going through this, you feel Selenia just kind of puts her hand on your shoulder and when she does this, you hear her voice in your head and she's like, "Leonis, thank you for trying to punch a shark for me. Would it make you feel better if you pick which one of these guys got executed?" I feel I do feel a little better cuz she's touching me and that that feels nice. Yeah. And you did so good today. I mean, it was a little weird in the shop. That's true. But the rest of it, though, very brave. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, yeah. I think I'd like to pick one of the guys. Right. Yeah. No, which one? Left or right? Pick one. Right guy. Right. When you say right guy, you see the guy on the left goes, "Hey." [Laughter] Uh, and you see Selenia just holds her hand up and the tentacles kind of wrap around his leg so that he like can't run away. And Katagot just looks down and she goes, "Excellent. Well, it's almost not fair. It feels like I'm just It just like bites his head off." Yeah. This There's just like blood in the water everywhere. This is This is a little This little gross cuz you don't fight. Not a lot of pe They don't you know my boys back home if you will or outside the water that didn't come with me. They're not doing a lot of maybe gorg but not a lot of fighting in water. All the guts and the blood. It just kind of floats in the air. even too kind of like kind of like smog in LA. It's just it's just kind of sits there for a while. Be a metal album. Cool. She's like maybe we should be going before the real sharks show up though. That's it. A lot is happening. I think they're going to be I mean they're going to be smelling this. And you see she turns into a giant octopus and grabs the guy and she's like after you perhaps we take him back to your friends. Is the guy covered in octopus tentacles and shadow tentacles right now? Oh yes. He might be into that though. Like you never know. It's, you know, he's just quietly moaning. I'm like, this is like birth of a subculture right now down here. Let's just go back up. Let's just go back up. I'll lead the way. Uh, and find find the rest of the crew and we can shake this guy down. And you see, she just like looks over at Selenia. And she goes, "Hey, tentacles, tentacles." And like Selena just gives her a high five with one of the arms. She's like, "I every day with you is a great day, Leonus. Every day with you is a great day." So, so I was feeling a little left out on the whole thing, but I'm kind of like, Grace, this is a great date with me. Great day. All right, come on. Come on. As you all are heading back, you see up back up on the the walkway, you all see these guys coming towards you. Mom, stay back. I got this. Okay. What? I've been I've been training really hard. Well, when you're not out in the streets gallivanting, like producing illegitimate offspring, I'm sure. Man, tell Gallivant, please. We We don'ting today. He Did you see how high he was? That's his thing. He's like weird and dead. I think I think you're making my argument, not yours. This guy though, he seems nice. He's not. He drinks all the time like dad did. [Music] Are you going to handle this or what? Let's go. What? Take my trident out. What? Don't take out your weapon. But it's out already. Okay, let's go. Uh, Jonah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Are they looking there? I'm coming up to them. No, no, no, no. This is this is a different group of people. Come on, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Stone Beard, what do I do? Uh, Stone Beard, I believe it is you that has a weapon of warning, correct? Yes. It's not ringing, guys. Uh, come on. They're not here to fight us, stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, gentlemen. Uh, Gorg, like we went to high school together, man. What are you talking about? Like Tom Kench is No way. Yeah, I'm I'm Yeah, I'm one of the I'm one of the city guards now. Mainly this. Oh my god, bro. It's been so long. It has been a long time that Oh, hey. Hey, miss. This is the Tom you talk about. We heard a lot of stories about you. He looks a lot Hey, do you look Hey, what's up, dude? No. And like like clearly was like like a like he got hella fat. He got It looks like he got bigger than the way you talk about it, right? Bro, you look good. You look strong. Yeah. No. Good. You too, bro. Like, look at you. Like, I mean, like, you're just like wide. Like, look at you. I've been working out. Like, just Yeah. How's Like, how are things? What's going Yeah, things are great, bro. My mom wait no hold. Hey, hey, hey, George. How you doing? Um, uh, appreciate you trying to make some pleasantries. Uh, we good? Yeah. No, we're just here to escort you all for for the audience. With the captain? Oh, the audience with the captain? Yeah. Where's that going to be? It's there's up here in the ship. It's not. It's uh we were told there's a another guy that you have and at that exact second you all see a huge condor coming out of the water holding Leonus, holding Selenia, and holding this guy that comes and puts them two down gently and just sort of like smashes this dude to the deck. Am I high now? Jesus Christ. That guy's not with us. Immediately you can see something's wrong with Leonus. Dude, you look bad. You took the mask off. Does it look bad? It looks pretty bad. It's all puffy. It hurts really bad. It's kind of It started I got hit by these needles. It kind of start It started here. It's like purple. What happened to my She looks down and she goes, I'm not clear on all the details. I get there. They were doing the fighting. I perhaps ate some people. We took one alive. And although although Stone Beard, I should let you know I have now met all the members of your team. And this young lady is particularly capable as she is the new pride of the terin here. Princess, if you're quite capable, then what happened to my crew mate? Um, these guys shot him with some darts and he jumped in front of them to save me. It was not that he dodged very badly. He was trying to help me and that is why he got hit. Mrs. Gork Leona, shut up. You look really bad. I'm I'm poking it just a little It does look kind of like puffy and like kind of irritated. Feels feels like when I got a gum graph, he jumped in front of you and saved you. Yeah. And then he was going to punch a shark for me. What do you mean going to? Like he was going to. He swung at the shark but missed. And then Katagot is like sharks are very agile. It is very difficult to punch a shark. And did anything else happen while you guys in the ocean? She looks at you or she's like no just we just everything was fine. social friction. We just got attacked by these by four people. Went down there and got in a fight like right away. Nothing else happened. To catch you guys up to speed. This is uh Mrs. Gorg. Mrs. Gorg. This is Leonus. That's my mom. Leonus. This is my mom's mother. I'm kind of I'm getting a little wobbly. Leonus, you've met his mom before. Yeah. It's nice to see you again, Paul. And you right. Right when you say that, she comes and she just like turns your head and she looks right at it and she goes, "Oh, this isn't good. This isn't good." Um, what is it? A Yeah, we need to we need to get him somewhere to lie down. Should we cut it off? It's his head. Yeah. No, he needs his head. Mom, let's cut it off. We could still cut it off, I think. Just Leonus. Um, just try and stay calm. Okay, guys. I don't like her vibes getting weird. Is this bad? Are you still high? No, I'm just kind of like this. Don't say my mom's vibes are weird. You're weird. You have no skin. I have skin. You can't say I don't have skin. don't have that much skin. Less skin than me. It's just like kind of blue. I'm like I'm like almost blacking out. He's like he's You don't really have skin. This is yours. See, she does kind of like come under your arm cuz again she's smaller than him. But I mean it's when you realize when she sort of like holds you up a little bit similar to him. She's like made out of concrete. Like when she actually tries to hold you. Oh, I'm strong. Yeah. I love that in a woman. Yeah. Well, you know, I've had to carry my fair share of men back to that. Never mind. That's not That's neither here nor there. Eyes up, bro. And right when you say eyes up, like the other four guys are like, "Yeah, sorry, Miss Paloma." Is is Miss Gorg holding me right now? Well, you know, just kind of like letting you sort of like lean on her. Yeah, I'm leaning on her. Mrs. Gorg, it's nice and cushioned, too. I move your hand away. Yeah. Mr. Gork, would you mind taking care of Leonus while we meet with the captains? It's Well, I think you probably should all stay together because I I I want to hear what they have to say to you. I want to take a closer look at him. Let's just maybe figure out what's going on here. How long is it going to take for him to be normal? Has he ever been? He's always I guess more normal. Stard. What? Don't go. I'm not going. You're Oh god, he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid now. I'm not going. Mom, can you like make him like like sedate him? I think so. So beard could suck it out. I'm sorry. What What are you What are you not telling us? Does he have a mask that he could put on or something? Like I'm afraid that it usually does. He usually does have one all the time, which he wears it in the car. It's fine. I mean, let's just go ahead and put that back on him there. Yeah. All right. Uh, and you see they do sort of move you all along clearly just higher towards one of these ships. The uh the five ahead of you and the five that were behind you, they hang back about 50 ft, but they are walking. And again, as you're people are kind of starting to pay attention to now because people know Paloma, they know the guards. You know, something's clearly wrong with this dude. So, people are kind of like all the soldiers. Yeah. Miss Paloma, you know the drinks on the house, Miss Paloma. It's just again, I'd like the record to show he did that, not me. And he didn't do it. The D20 did it. Yep. True, true. I don't see anything wrong with her being a breathtaking woman. Fate decided that this was Miss Paloma. So, imagine if you'd roll the wood. Oh, man. Dog ugly. As you all get closer to the ship and you can see it. It is just a very well-made but clearly very battleworn ship, but it is not at all ostentatious. But what you see as you get closer to it is where the cannons inside the ship, it has been engineered where they can like fold outwards. Like if the ship were on the sea, the cannons would be pointing straight up, but because it's on this cliff, the cannons are faced out towards the water. That makes sense. So you could fire the ship's cannons out in defense of the city. And as you all get closer, uh, you see, um, Allara Stormchaser there. And she looks down and she's like, "Ah, well, come aboard, lads. Come aboard. What took you so long to come up and bid do to me or hello? What is it? My friend is resting." Oh, Stormchaser. May the winds be with you. Ah, may the winds be with you as well. Ah, Paloma. He's uh if you ever want to take another one of those midnight sales and she just goes stop we're here on business dude mom absolutely yes dude your mom uh she's like um where's Captain Rook and she's like oh he's he's below working on something and then she looks at you and she goes oh what happened to you I I just I just throw up on her feet she reaches and just like yanks both spike both spikes out of your neck and she goes Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, um, real quick, uh, could you just earmuffs? And Paloma does like he's not listening. And she looks at that and she goes, "Um, you were a bit of a scientist. I know you're more with the machinery." More of a gizmo gadget guy. Yeah, exactly. Like, where's that adorable little cat that you had before? Yeah. I got coots. She comes crawling out of I don't know where my armor somewhere. We've established you don't have a shirt on. What does she like? Out of the my out of the cleavage. You got a got a cleavage pocket. Yeah. She looks at it. She goes, "Oh, well it sorry. You got to focus. Um, take a look at those and you can give me an Arcana check." Okay. Arcana guy over here because you are an artificer, but this is not your area of expertise. It definitely is some kind of poison. And it's two different kinds of poison. Two different kinds of poison. Yeah. But you're not 100% sure what it appears to be a needle. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What what what's in it, dude? Can you give us What is it? Okay. He's They're both stupid. See, Mom, he's dumb as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, he's not wrong, but like look at him. He's like It's It's He's so strong, but he's still a thinker. We might need to suck it up. She looks at all of you and she's like, "Okay, this is um yes, we put in the call for help. There's the there's a little bit of a plague. We're trying to keep it under wraps. We're trying to quarantine the people that we know are sick, but you know how people are in the Shattered Cove. You tell them to do one thing, they want to do the exact opposite thing." Selfish. Very selfish people that when they're sick, they still want to come out. Sometimes they tell you to take shelter and it doesn't matter. Well, I'm the one that told cuz it's not even that bad of a sickness. It's just, you know, they keep talking about her immunity, but that's not even relative to the cost of the time, it's not worth it. It's just But when people are dying, I feel like sometimes the greater good. I told you. I told you he's like this. It's well just sometimes and you see uh Allar is just like so we have figured out a test. We can figure out who is and is notual. No dude can be the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is the matter with you? It can be ran. It can be polite. Yeah. I'm just looking at them like are you Paloma is just like oh oh yes yes yes sorry yes um I'm doing I'm doing got your nose to Aiden does look at you and she's like I'm trying but but your hand my vision is getting a little blurry so I'm like trying to hit your hand but I'm actually like missing I'm not even close she's like to be clear are you asking is the plague sexual or is the test sexual I don't know what is either if they've got it you'd probably get it during sex yes But the test is not sexual. Yeah, that's good. Okay, that's weird. And right when she says that, you see the trap door flips open and uh Rook Tide Walker pops his head out. He goes, "Hey, would you please stop antagonizing the lads and he just kind of comes forward again?" They look like they're about the same age, but you realize she's kind of the brave impulsive one and he's more of the thinker with the maps and the tactics. and he just comes forward and he has a potion bottle that is half filled and he looks at you and he goes, "Breathe into the potion bottle." Breathe in there. I try to like lean lean up to the bottle, but I keep I keep my head keeps drifting. Oh, there nodded me in the bottle. It turns bright purple and he goes, "Oh, yeah, that's bad. He's got the blink. That's Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, that is so crazy that he got it. He got it from the one with the mask. He like he like chastised us for like a little There's a lot of that. Well, it's probably not a big deal, right? I was telling him that it really doesn't change the risk. I'm feeling rising anger again. I'm feeling it. But it's it's hard to concentrate. there. The holes in the mask might not have been, you know, they get to be we can we should probably just also blow into it. I you probably should. Hey, man. He like sort of like opens up a little chest and you see there's just kind of like a row of these kind of bottles that all look kind of half empty and he's like, "Who wants to go first?" Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll take it. Me and Tom K. Right when you bring it over like you see Paloma is literally like wait have you what? Have you been exposed? Have you Oh, I don't think so. We ran a grift earlier. We've been hanging out. been with him, right? No, he just got back. Yeah, we we we've been very safe. There's a low chance that he has. Right. When she she just like grabs your arm but like looks at him. Mrs. Gorg, let's watch this together. I don't like that. Fine. Nothing changes. Nice. You go next, man. Give me a like right when you reach for Selenia just grabs one and blows into it and she's also fine. And like right when she sees she's fine, she runs and tries to hug you, but like Rook just kind of puts an arm out and he goes, "Hey, we're not 100% sure how it's communicated just yet. They probably should not lay hands on the lad." Okay. Right. When you do see Paloma, my hands are just outstretched for I'm thinking about Selenia kind of holds her hands down and you see a Preston diggitation goes off on herself too cuz she kind of was hugging him. She's like, "Great, great, great. Uh, please." Yes. Fine. Nice. Mrs. Gork, I was so worried. I don't think there's a hugation. I was worried about you. I was bring it in here. I was worried about okay with this. Sucks for me. Oh, Mrs. P, I'm going to get my hug, too, real quick. All right. Bright purple infected. Purple. Purple's the good one, right? That means I really don't have it. Um, is it one line or two? No, that isn't You've got four lines there. Actually, that's not uh I kind of That isn't Bro, I stumble over I stumble over it and I and I give I give him a hug. But I've been I've I've been sick for, you know, I've been feeling bad for a while and I always kind of like my my body I I'm always a little let's say slightly moist because I'm a sea elf and that's how my body regulates. Yep. But I'm like soaked with sweat. It's like a film and and I'm getting it all over you. It's slightly mystery. We're going to get out of this. Yeah, bro. We're going to get out of Wait, but what's crazy is I feel fine and he's the one with the the plague vaccine. Selena holds her fingers up and she goes, "Well, you are already dead. Can you even get sick?" And also, what if I hold my breath? Can I hug him if I hold my breath? We can get sick. It's okay. We can get sick. He's been rubbing off on you. I mean, I wouldn't mind that, Rook. Rook, I have to ask. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Please. Oh, I was just wondering how is it possible he got sick. We were together the whole time. Well, we've not quite figured out how the plague is transmitted just yet. We just know that it's being transmitted. We don't know if it's airborne or bloodborne. Am I going to die? To the lady's point. Are you not am I going to be like Am I going to no longer be able You're going to be fine, Ron. Kind of walk around. Brooke, maybe it's transmitted through being really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying. It's not Brooke. Rook. It's Rook. It's Rook Tide Walker. Why? Why did I have Am I sick from the needles that I had in my or do I have a plague or is it the same thing? Remember, you all do have someone to interrogate. You caught one of the people that shot at you. Has he just been following us? Uh, Katagot's just been holding on to him like a cond. Yeah, right. Kat, bring out that guy. And same thing, she just sort of like pace him down on the deck and holds him there. And you see um Rook looks up and he points kind of towards the cliff side and you can see rows of roughly person-shaped bundles that are just kind of like in like a little uh shallow cave kind of up on the dock or up on the up on the cliff side. And he says, "From what we found, once you're diagnosed, you've got about seven days left to live. Oh, just to be clear, I'm going to be fine, right? Because the whole dead thing. It's an experiment actually to see what might take place with, you know, seven days is very quick. What are you doing with the people infected? Where do they go? Well, we've been trying to get them to quarantine, but a lot of them don't believe it because, you know, the symptoms don't really take you till right at the end. They think they can just drink and covert and everything's going to be fine. And then we just And that's not true. It hasn't been true for that lot. Guys, I want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to interrogate this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We got to get some answers. As much as I hate Ran and think it's funny if he died, he can't die. Can I Can I punch the guy? Yeah. I mean, he's like she's like a giant condor and then like I'm I'm just going to go punch him in the stomach. What' you do to me? What' you do to me, bro? What did you do to my friend? I don't even know I don't even know you, dude. Like, well, how do I fix it? Is it you or is it What's going on? He doesn't look any different, though. I don't know that anything is fixing that. Can I do an investigation check on this guy? You can. What is it that you're trying to figure out? I want to figure out if he knows what the poison that he was infected with is. That would be insight. You want to try and figure out if he's telling you the truth or not. It was a 10. I mean, so far the only thing is he's insulting the way Ran looks. He's like, I don't know if anything can fix that. Now, again, this guy literally has like coral and stuff growing on him. He looks like a human, but he's very like uh pale, washed out. You know this, Gorg, and normally you would know this also, Leonus, that uh there are actually I guess this is something you'd know as well, Ran. There's a kind of human that is known as a reborn where it's like technically they're undead, but it's like they they never become like a zombie or anything. It's just they just sort of die and for different reasons can come back and sometimes those people live in the ocean. Nasty ass reborn. Gross. You look all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What's your name? He He's like, that's just that's unnecessary. You look weird. You look weird with the coral. Hey, let's not get into the name calling game. What do you mean, Tiny Torto? It's like they're normal. Let me let me ask the question. Stay out of this, bro. Let me ask the question. I fought him and his friends off. I need to ask the question cuz he's pinned down by the condor, right? I'm trying to think. I'm I'm getting w I just throw up on him. Yeah. You like that? More torture. More torture. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I What did you What did you shoot? What did your friend shoot at my neck? He just looks at you and he says, "You can call me Lutris," which is apparently Latin for otter. Lutress. Answer his question. Hey, not feeling too good, are you? There. You're I literally just threw up on your feet. That's Well, I got dragged through a blood cloud of my only friends in life's viscera and guts. So, that's not the worst thing that's been on me today. I'm tired of this cat. I got bite his arm. Hey, stop. Hold up. I grabbed one of the vials and I put it up to Lutris. Blow infected. Bro, you only got seven days. How long have you known you've been infected? Uh, I suppose I just found out now, but considering the environs I've been in, I suppose it's not unexpected. The apothecary did say there'd be risks to the plan. Can I try to intimidate him? You can me intimidate. It's 24 total. What is it that you're going to try and do to shake him up? I'm I'm going to go up. I'm pulling out a blade and I'm going, "All right, bro. You got seven days to live. I'm going to make it one unless you tell me what your plan is." Anyway, I All right. All right. All right. And here I thought the giant bird was the scary one. Look, he told us to come along if we could get any terror in give him a little bit of the jab and then that's it. That's all we were after. Did you know what the apothecary gave you? I knew we were just sort of trying to uh spread the plague into the shattered cove. Here's the problem. You see, I don't know the full plan, but the whole point is destabilization. It's one big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] party out there while the rest of us out in the water have to fight and scrape for every little thing. Now, everybody needs to have something to be afraid of. I don't understand. You can't just have servants bring you food. She looks at you and she says, "Not everybody has had as privileged of an upbringing as you, Gorg." Oh, I know you want to keep it gangster. You're out of the mud. Yeah, me and Tom Kench were [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we were we're doing crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mom. It's No, we weren't, Miss Gorg. Abs that I No, we didn't. Tom Kent, do not lie to my mom. We were turning tricks. It was awesome. I had to figure out how to pay for college. Gorg, you didn't. Okay, but fine. Can I run an acrobatics check? Sure. What? Yeah. What is it that you're trying to do? Uh 720. You want to do a 720? She's impressing my mom. I rolled a 15. Yeah. Uh I go for a 720. I get about 540 through. I end it. It looks kind of like I was trying to hit that anyway. Yeah. And and then I point directly at Lara and I go, "So who are your enemies?" And everybody just like stops and looks at you and they're like, "Oh, this guy that was awesome. That was brilliant." Sometimes he sometimes he hits. And you know, she looks at Rook and she's like, I mean, most of our enemies, they just pirates and sea creatures, lingering demons from the war. There are still a few out there that have managed to survive, clinging to wreckage and islands and whatnot. We go on patrol, but it's usually we find them and she just points at all the cannons that are pointing outwards and it's like, "Where's this piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apothecary? We need to find this guy. Did he give you a name?" Well, I I I mean, we just called him the apothecary. Mima gave me the name Lutus if that's what your I don't want your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name. You can bite his arm off, right? She looks down and she goes, "Ah." And he goes, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You leave me intact, give me your word, you let me go alive, I'll take you to him." I mean, you got seven days anyway, apparently. Lutris, why did you shoot me or what did you shoot me with? Do I have Do I have the plague activated by what you shot me with? Do I have something else? What is in my neck? Actually, yes, it one was the plague, which apparently took the other one was meant to incapacitate you completely, but seems to have not been working quite right. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm all I can think about is I'm I'm kind of hoping Paloma picks me back up again. Yeah, you do. She looks selenia. Not selenia. Paloma does look at you and she's like, I I could probably help the symptoms. I don't know that I could cure the plague until we know what it is. But just be careful. I don't want you to get it too. She goes, I wouldn't be much of a doctor if I was afraid of getting sick. And she reaches out and she does just touch your head and you feel 80% Leonus. Like you clearly still feel ill. Uh, but you regain the use of your limbs and can think a little clearer. And Selenia does run up and hug you. She's like, I don't care if I get sick. I don't care. Be careful. It's It's worth it. Look, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is I'm I'm going to stutter. She hasn't This is This is really nice. But I don't think you should be hugging me. I don't think you should touch me. I I felt I'm going to die. I'm going to die after seven days. No, you're not going to die. Like, we're going to save We're going We're going to save him. He might die. He could probably die. She just like punches you. She's like, "Stop it. You're always so mean to him." I care a lot about this guy, but fact remains, if we don't do something, he's going to die. So, what should we do? Let's find this apothecary. Let's rip his head off. And also, Princess, where's my hug? Dude, this is Tom C. You hear that? It's like, remember you used to be the where my hug at guy? Remember that? No, no, no, no. That was you. That was your thing. You always You were that guy. I never said that. I'm also sick. I am in danger. I need a hug for my morale. You see, she looks at you and those tentacles of shadows come up and just starts. She's like, "There you go. I'm I'm dead." So, good. All right. When she steps back, you do see Paloma hits her with the pressitation also. And she does say, "That is that is dangerous, dear. You should give him six feet. We have to socially distance from him while he's Yeah. Sometimes those rules don't help. But maybe in this case, it's Rook turns and looks at you and he goes, "Which side of this issue are you on by chance?" Are you attempting to make things better on a lot of time? I'm just bringing up things I've read online. Excuse my friend's agenda. Me, me and Leonus will stand towards the back. Yeah, we don't need the devil's advocate position on plague management. I get my my my mask back out of my pack. my that we got at the store and I just put it back on. I was like, it's probably better to just be safe. Yeah, it worked the first time for sure. So, anyway, is a good point there. It didn't very efficacy there. Luther, it's Luther, right? Lutress. That's what I said. Yeah, Lutter. It's Latin. How far can you lead us? I I mean, I walked along the ocean floor, but with a proper seagoing vessel, I could get there much faster. Can we take this ship, Rook? Like Rook's like he points and he goes like, "Yeah, okay." I I was going to say you should take Allaris over there, but we're already on my Sorry, I forgot which one Rook was. All ship is over there, but we could take me baby out here. That's the name of my vessel. Me baby. It's called Me Baby. Me. Me baby. Me baby. I That's the name of her ship. He lands me baby. I think you're say I think it's Brooke. Huh? I think you're saying it wrong. I think it's Rook. It's not Brooke. What's his What's Brook's last name? Brook Skywalker. Yeah, buddy. It's the poison or you're dumb. He's like, "Hey, we could set sail if that's uh what you want." But but um Kagot, do would you mind um uh covering his ears for a moment? And she just looks down and she goes, "Hold on. I'll be right back." And she just lifts off and like yanks him. And you see she flies up like 40 feet. And he looks and he goes, "What if this is just a very obvious trap to like lure us, lure the vessel away from the city? I can hit two times with my trident." I That's all I'm saying, baby. Hit six times with my cannons, but okay. Right. So, we're pretty He's saying we're going to leave the city unprotected. That is why you don't there. There. That's You hit hard, but you don't hit hard if you're not there to hit anyone. Look at it. That's That's what the Teran needs. But here's the more important fact, Rook. We don't have any other leads. And it seems like they're after us. I mean, we've got many other vessels, though. I mean, that we just don't have to take like me, baby. If that's that's the only point I'm making. You should go. You don't want your ship to be involved here. I find it very selfish when the ship doesn't sail well. I the ship doesn't probably get there. That's a different story. Ara does look at him and she goes, "Wait, no. Stop. Don't say that about me, baby. Please." I'm sure I would be better. Yeah, I probably We can talk to you. You You know I'm sensitive about me, baby. No, I am. And she's like, but hey, it's it's a beautiful ship. I understand if you want to stay here where it's safe. Sorry. Protecting everyone. Protecting. We we we could we could all just go on my ship. Could would you me I? What is a ship for but to be in the sky protecting a city? That's right. That's what they were built for, right? Is this made this year by the way? No, I just cuz it looks so God this ship, you bastard. It's and like you see the crew starts moving around and like moving back towards the winches where he has it all hooked up. And Rook looks at Alard. He goes, I I'm going because I want to, not because you teased me. And she's like, I know, my love. I know. I know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for us. We appreciate it. Yes. Doesn't everybody appreciate I mean look, we're on a ship. If anything, we should speed this up cuz uh I'm feeling pretty good. You look really good. Do I look better? It's it's it's pulsing and it's purple and it it's just so swollen. So I I've had that cough. You you do I've had it forever. All sort of kind of heads over and she does step off. She goes, "Well, my love is a thinker, but he's not wrong. I'll stay here with Ireie. Something happens. You can call for help. We'll keep an eye on things. It's going to be fine. Just send the signal." Yes. Wait, what's the signal? I don't I think you have one in Let go. No, we like We have it. Like we have a Yes. Yes. Just We'll use that signal. We don't need to make a new signal. We'll use the We'll use the that the Lenco signal sounds like right Gorg. You see as they're working at the winches here at the back of it, you look up and you can see the statue of Horizon just like glinting and glimmering in the light up there. Who's that? That that's a new statue. I'm being serious. It's very obviously Can I do a religion check to see how much I know about this? You know, I won't even make you check cuz he's talking about it all the time. You would you tell me if you would have looked into it just basically to be able to correct him when he's wrong. 100%. Yes. 100%. Like a spitefully read the Bible like a coral guy. You've met Horizon. Like he looked just like that. I've looked into it zero, but all the context clues are kind of obvious here. It's good work. It's good. It's good sculpture work. It is good sculpture work. Do you think it's ugly or pretty? Sculpted by God. Ugly or pretty? Well, it's like an old man, so I don't really think about that. Yeah, it's kind of lame. Nothing. Yeah. What would you what would you think if you follow that god? Wait, what if you follow that? A follower of that god would follow that that would be a god. Our lord horizon. Yes. Like I raised you to know who Horizon was. That's just a guy. Horizon looks different. Horizon. Did you just say that Horizon is just a guy? No. No. I mean, no. No. Horizon. Well, Horizon is not a guy. Horizon is a beautiful What nonsense are they filling your head with at school? I mean, look, Mom. I do what I want. I I believe what I want and I believe in Horizon, but I don't like being controlled and that's why I left. Oh god, dude. That song you sing. Sing the song you always sing by Horizon in the pepperons. Kiss me through the sanding stone. I did the best I could do for you, Gorg. And we will talk about this when it's over. You were going to bring my grandchild to visit and then we will figure all of this out. But you she goes over to get off the ship as well. Then she turns and looks at me. You shouldn't go. I need to treat the sick people in the city. I realize now that this is much worse than I thought, but Good job, Stone. Red, you got to do it. Can I ask you to do something for me? You could you please make sure that my my baby comes home safe and I would be so grateful and just just like gives you the huge. Please promise me you'll bring him home. I uh I can I while we're hugging I'm flexing just my biceps. You're also muffled. And I accidentally burst into rage. That's embarrassing. [Music] Pink. And I and I and I back up and I go to protect him. To protect him. And I I am just I am so mad and I am planning to get into extreme danger to maybe die just so this doesn't happen. Nothing wrong. I'm going to die in seven days and he's definitely going to have sex with your mom. So I'm I'd rather be me. I'll bring our I'll bring our son back alive. I mean I mean sorry I just view sometimes my teammates like my own Tom K is just in the back doing this. He's going uh he is just like I just want to be like this guy when I grow up. That's it. I I don't even know I don't even know this guy. I'm kind of I I just admire Stone Beard so much and I'm you know I'm standing near Gorg and I'm like feel like he's a good match for her and I'm just don't I I flick his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is like they were both in the wall. Yeah. Yeah. I give him one of these. Boom. Oh, that's my CL lymph node. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. She She does look at Stone Beard for a second and then she looks back at you and she says, "That is sort of like what your father's beard was like, wasn't it?" Like, I understand why you like that guy so much. I don't like him. I respect him. You should finally just tell all. Why are you keeping this a secret? Just tell them all. And right when she says, "Just tell them all, shook the ship." Well, it comes sliding down the hill as it is launching. So, she's not on though. No, she get she got off. uh and crashes into the waves uh and immediately starts moving forward. And you see she stands up there waving and Selenia looks over at you. She goes, "Tell us what?" I Nothing. Do not worry a bit. This has nothing to do with you guys. We got to find this apothecary. He's going to die and he's annoying. Just real quick though, didn't he tell us that like he was broke and like grew up with nothing? But like his mom seems so like well breasted. Welled not not how I was going to describe her because I don't I'm not Yeah, I grew up in a palace. Pursue me. Take me away. But it's not all it's not all roses and apples and delicious turtle food. Wait, you know what? But I know that, too. I also grew up in a palace and it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everyone's always protecting you and you don't get to be your own person. You get to be your own person. Like Servants are so annoying. Oh my god. Every time I got my feet massaged or my favorite food made for It's not even your favorite food, guys. I'm going to die like soon. You're already dead, man. Well, like better worse die. I'm going to worse die. So is he. I'm fine with that. I thought I thought I You had it so hard growing up. Did you even When we got here, did you did you even grow up eating? I mean, you didn't lie about that, did you? I mean, I had like a I had it once at Tom Kench's house. Guys, listen up. It doesn't matter if he came from rags or if he came from riches. What matters is the person he wants to be. And maybe it makes him feel better if he came from somewhere that nobody comes from and joins a terrorid. But I still think the man he is today is a good one. I That's true. It's not important the fact that your friend's been lying to you constantly since day one. It's that he felt he had a good reason to. Hey, well, look, I would like to restart. So, no more lies and I'll kick it off. I had surgery on my hairline. I'm trying really hard not to laugh cuz it's an emotional moment. This is something I was really insecure about after the war cuz I did a lot of tour. You You went to Turkland. It looks they work miracles in terms for there's no reason to be ashamed. Men need to men need to share things like that. Dude, I'm dead now. And that's why I admire you. I'm dead now and I have a bunch of hair. I went to the uh Federation of Tennelo shortly after the war cuz I had to do a lot of press tours being a general and Yeah. No, I get it. Like Yeah. It's but I couldn't I never would have never thought about you know I'm a I'm a toral so it's like I never had like you know I look great I it looks good for you for sure roof takes his hat off and he's just got flowing pirate locks that just blow in the wind what's that like I understand we all we get to just like do what we do right we do what we do I can get you a hat would you like a hat I don't think I need it now I've done the surgery right no it's a does it not look I think it looks great. Yeah, you may want to take notes cuz in the future you're going to probably need to I was going to say now we're talking about it. Is he going to lose his hair? I'm just saying he's It looks It looks like a trident up there. Maybe it's a side effect of the play. Oh, maybe. But now luscious and long. Is that my hair's long I got My hair's in a ponytail. Your hair's incredible. I think it's great. It's It's m Mr. Leonus. It's It doesn't look good. I seen Mr. My dad has a full beautiful head of hair. Since when? Dude, he was our substitute teacher. Yes, he does. He wasn't He wasn't You don't know my dad. Can we Can we get back on track? Okay, let's You maybe you have hair. Maybe you don't have hair. We'll cross that bridge when we get there. His hair is wonderful and I hope you keep it forever. True. No more lies. No more lies. My mom after my dad and her split up, she had a lot of boyfriends. How many? Not really important. But like, was it a big number? And do they stay over at night? What's her, bro? What's her shell count? Don't. That's so rude to ask. Is that actually That's so You can't ask that. You can't escalate. That's like First of all, what how many though? But if you guess some of the boyfriends were annoying and they try to connect with you and they try to like I don't know ask you what you're into and you don't even care and it's like it's like I didn't have anyone to look up to except my mom and she was always busy with work. She was lonely and stuff and it sucked. So I became a terin. I went hung out with Tom K for like a year. We Is that where he gained all the weight? Dude, he was actually so skinny. I don't know what happened. It's crazy. And then uh started doing combat. Ended up liking it. You're good at it, too. Thank you. All right. Yeah. No, come on. Nobody hits harder than him in battle. Yeah, he does. You do hit hard. I hit twice. But both those hits are freaking crazy, man. Especially if I smite. They're super crazy. Just Le uh Leona shot a guy twice and killed him instantly earlier today. I just want to He's clearly our weakest, but thank you. He He dropped that guy, though. Anyway, I appreciate it, guys. And yeah, I didn't come up out of the mud, but maybe the mud sometimes is in our mind. Also, since we're since we're not lying, Leona said some racist things to a construct man. What did you say again? Do you know how much they have dealt with a systemic racist for likeund 100 years? I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, but we said we weren't going to lie anymore and I said nothing happened and that happened and it was kind of gross. It's the Peterson school. We had construct kids in our class growing up. I've never I had we had construct kids in Do you want me to introduce you to a construct friend of yours? Coots comes out. Yeah. Like you're talking like you he should be you should talk to your friend for some perspective. Hey Coots, he thinks you should die. He thinks you should die outside property. That's all. I respect I respect all constructs. Like I respect your choice to fix your hairline. I didn't I just haven't seen them be store owners before. So I'm I'm Did you say something? He sort of said that. I may have said that. The man's name was Anger. He was very nice. And to the man, dude. Hey, it's okay. I was misogynistic once. That was today. Well, I haven't gotten over it, but I'm working on that. Leonus, we just got to learn the lessons that life throws at us. And you're obviously caught up about this, which is a good thing cuz you're thinking about it. But Jesus Christ, man, we grew up here. The fact that you feel like an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] means you're not one. Guys, we all have our problems. He's flaking at the skin. He's literally dead. Yeah, it's not flakes. Weird. You ever eat it? Nope. This guy lied to his best friends. You're a bit racist. I'm misogynistic. And Tom Kent is fat. Is is Tom C still with us on the road? He wasn't, but he is now catching strays. You know what I mean? He's over by the from the He's like, "I've been lifting. What are you talking about?" Strong man thing. You know what I mean? Like when you're going to like like when you're going to like squat heavy, you need some like cushion. All All that matters is that when we're together, we make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happen. And we might only have seven days left together. Well, yeah. Not me. I'm not even I'm not even sick. So, you see, Rook says, um, this is all very touching. Um, but you still got a condor woman carrying a man who knows where it is we're headed. Oh, got her gun. She she comes back down and she drops him, but this time she turns back into her taci form and just sits on his back and she goes, "You all are a fascinating new recruit to the ter." This is this is what they're teaching in the Nexus these days, huh? What's the What's the state of the guy? She she pulled up into the air. She has She did not bite his arm cuz he said he would like But he's been through a lot. So freaked out. He's certainly frazzled. Yeah, he's freaked out but alive. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. and he's like, "Um, might I be allowed to I don't know, walk?" We're not there yet. That's kind of annoying for us. I think we're going to tie up all your limbs and like put you like under the deck. Here's how we can start. And I And I get Coots out and I bring Coots to him. Oh, look at this cute little thing. Coots kind of hisses at him a little bit. Gain Coots's trust and you can walk. Does it have a flamethrower in its mouth? Don't test her. Listen, perhaps if I must be lashed to something, lash me to the mast, where at least I can see where we're headed and I can safely navigate you through. Sounds fine. Lash lash lash crew mods. Bord calls for the help. If they don't come immediately, I'm kind of annoyed. Oh, chubbness. She's like, it's a habit, right? You just do. You just like you're like, "Oh, I need this thing done." And then it just it Yeah. All right. For the two of you who haven't been here, uh, Leo is truly beautiful. Um, it it is warm. Uh, it is sunny. Uh, the sun is kind of starting to come down low on the horizon, casting the sky and these gorgeous pinks and blue and purple pastels. Um, the wind is kind of um blowing very lightly. Um, the ship is clearly moving against the tide by some power that isn't obvious. like there's not row uh nobody's rowing or there's not a crew down there, but it is like very much going against the flow here as it is coming through. And those six cannons that I said were pointing upwards have like retracted that are now kind of facing out to the side like you would expect. And the trip is uneventful for the first part until you all finally uh bed down for the night. And when you bed down, if you would, I need each of you to roll a d20, please. When I sleep, there's a big bubble that grows and then shrinks as I breathe. People like the perfect dude. You roll a one. I roll a one. Another one. What do we just six? Uh, I rolled an eight. An eight. Oh my god. So, don't tell me it's bad dream time. Oh, it's bad dream time. Apparently very bad dream time. Did I hear 862 and one? Is that It didn't have to be this way. Fate decided it was this way. So with eight ran Okay. So uh I go to bed uh with a fear of course that I only have seven days to live. But in my my nightmare, I'm on my last day and uh I'm I'm checking my pockets for I want to I want to watch the sunset. I want to, you know, smoke a stove and I don't have any I don't have any weed. And all of my friends, they don't seem to I I keep calling out to them like, "Guys, it's my last day and they can't hear me." And I I slowly start to feel the life. I' I'm already dead, but for the first time, it feels like I'm dying. And the life starts to leave me, and I'm I'm scared. And that's that's all I That's all I feel. An actual fear of death from someone who is dead the first time. Fantastic. Then I believe it was six. Yeah. His dream starts out nice. I'm on a date with Mrs. Gorg. We're getting ice cream. Getting ice cream. Two real creamers. And I'm sitting there. I'm looking the ice cream. I start looking at her creamers. You know what I'm saying? Let's go. She turns around just for a moment. She says, "Oh, I'll pay for this." Turns around, goes, turns baggage corg. And And he's going he's going, "Ooh, do you like what I got here?" And and I'm going I'm going I'm going like oh oh because I can't separate the fact that they're family in my mind and I and I keep fighting with that. That's my dream. And is it is it her body and his face? It it it like they like switch. So it'll be like sometimes her body, his face, his body, her face. And as this is happening and you look over at the ice cream merchant, he just says, "Oh, don't worry about it. We don't charge veterans. We can tell you fought in the war because of all of that. No. Uh, and then a what? Two. Two. Again, a two is nearly as bad as it gets and one is as bad as it gets. So, so it's it's me and Tom Kench and back in private school and we got our little our little outform uniforms on and we're running through the hallway and behind us is my dad and all my mom's boyfriends that are always trying to connect with me and they're all they're all lame and they're just hollering at me and like, "Slow down, sport. We just want to talk, slugger." And they're just and they're just chasing me and Tom K are just running and running and running and then and we keep going and and the quarter just lasts like forever and it just like it's never ending but we're going really slow the way you do in dreams and you're trying to and it's like molasses and they're catching up and then Tom Kench turns to me and he's like dude I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your mom and the door opens up and she's standing there and she just has her arm around Stone Beard and she's like it's true he did and then she has a arm around Ran and Leona just pops up behind her and she says this is the only reason you have friends honey I just make sure that everybody's nice to you and I pop up over the shoulder I say whole team go ahead her shell count's 100 I don't actually mind I'm I'm mature enough for that to not be an issue in this relationship it's not about the shell she been with it's about the shell she's going to stay wish. It's okay. My shell count's going to reset because Horizon forgives me. He always forgives me. Horizon the man. No. No, it's not. Go to all game sports. No, it's not a man. And last but not least with a one, Leonus. Uh, I'm I'm underwater. I'm I'm in Lake. Um, I'm in a a rundown lesser suburb of of like the the realm and I'm I'm alone and I'm just walking and I see a bodega in the distance and it's coming out of the darkness of the water and I and I I'm I'm just walking forward and it's not getting any any closer, but I see figures approach out of the distance like like a line of people coming out almost uh as like lines of uh shadows revealing themselves as they progress forward. Like that one scene in Pirates of the Caribbean where they walk under the boat. Uh I I'm getting more nervous and I start to turn around and I I see Princess Selenia behind me and I realize that I I have to fight and protect her. I march towards these people and I have no weapons. I have nothing on me and I start throwing punches and nothing connects. I cannot hit a face. I cannot stop anyone. And they're all of these people instead of attacking me, all of these like beings of different like species and and races are just laughing at me. They are just in openly mocking me and surrounding me in in a circle and they don't fight back at all. And no matter how hard I punch, I can't nothing nothing will hit. And I'm getting angrier and angrier. And Selena steps out of the crowd and looks at me and says, "You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] embarrassing." She gets the I cannot. I bet you ran with your backpack on. Oh, no. Oh, I did it. Socks. Socks and sandals. Only if I was late. She look she looks at you and she says, "I just I was trying to do this experiment with being a commoner and it didn't get much more common than you and I just realized this life is just not for me." And I know she doesn't I know she doesn't want to be with me and I I ask I ask her I turn I'm desperate. I I I know I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I know I made mistakes. I didn't mean what I said. I I can I can punch them. I can protect you. Well, listen. Hang on. It's okay, though, because I realize I already knew Gorg was way stronger than you, but he comes from money, too. So, it's just it's meant to be. I don't And then like Stone Beard can be my stepdad, and this is just everything's going to be much better. I'm I'm crushed. I'm I I feel so sad. And And she says one She says one last thing. She looks She looks at me and she says, "How do you think I could be with this?" And she pulls out a mirror from just behind her back. And I look and I see I'm not a sea elf. I'm a human and I have no hair. I'm just I'm just bald. And it's it's around the side, but there's nothing on top. And And I realize that I'm human. I look down. I have I I'm my whole body is human. and I start drowning and choking on the water and then I wake up. I just would like the record to show that the worst possible horrific nightmare was being a bald human. I too rolled a one like why why are we It's funny that like we make fun of like bald people. We're only thinking of him. You do forget who else? I did honestly totally forgot. And as you all sort of come to the next day again having all had relatively uneasy nights and sort of make your way up to the docks you see or to the deck rather. You see Rook is standing there and he's looking out ahead and he goes, "I I think this lad might have been telling us the truth, gentlemen." And as he points off on the horizon, you see a storm, but a very small storm, just like storm clouds floating right above the water. And he's like, "Suppose we should take her in then." E, let's take her in. E, sounds so much cooler when you say it. That's I felt the opposite. Wait, wait. Then he like takes his hat off and his hair starts blowing and goes, "Now we're even." Yeah. Yeah. yours just can't get that long. I feel my bow on my back and it's it's crackling a bit. There's a little bit of thunder around it as we look at the storm in the distance. And you see Selenia walks up to you and she just like very gently just like holds one of your hands and she goes, "We got at least six more." Right. I I don't want to I can't look her in the eye because I keep thinking about my dream. And you you trace your hairline with your finger. See, and uh I I kind of squeeze her hand and I say, "Six more days." And I was like, "I don't I'm sorry. I don't think you should touch me." And I kind of step a few I step to the right. You see, she just sort of stands there and looks at her hand and she goes, "Okay." And slowly looks at you, I'm just scratching my ass. She walks right up to you and she says, "What's up? I need your help with something. And that is a good place for us to stop. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I hope it's sex.