 I'm gonna show you three people's faces. I just need to tell you need to uh you need to tell me their names. Um Humpty Dumpty. Just some hard man's work, man. Some hard man's work. They don't pay us enough, huh? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey. Yo, guys. Guys. Okay. I mean, I feel like I got a villain. What up, guys? Uh, it was an emotional episode, so I brought Swift. That's a lie. Cuties are turning a car. He [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the floor. He does [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the floor. He [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not even in a corner. It was really It was right in the middle. Awesome. Huge [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And Nick gagged. You did. You had to run into the other. I'm I'm so nauseous from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Master Baker. I don't know who me like that. It wasn't Oh, you were one of the people. You were making [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at Master Baker. No, his food was so dry. I don't think it possibly could have had bacteria. Okay. Well, I I'm sure a lot of you are tuning in curious to see what we say about Mango. I already said my piece on my stream if you haven't seen it. Uh, and then should be a video somewhere. But I know Aiden want to chime in. Uh, I think a lot of people listening know that we all met each other through Melee and we know Mango through Melee and he's been a friend of ours for a long time and we've hung out with him like on this show, told a lot of stories about Mango. Uh and over the weekend I for you know those who know what happened at the burial card event I think this is really uh this was really disappointing and it was way further and crossed a line that I as someone who's known him for a long time and drank with him for a long time uh crossed a line that I haven't seen before and I'm really disappointed and angry with my friend and it changes my relationship with him and this is something that you know we're all talking about and dealing with off the show. Uh, but just he's a figure that's come up on this show so many times and I don't want to not say anything because of that. Uh, yeah, I hope you guys understand that. I myself I I just I'm just really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pissed, you know? Yeah, that's like kind of the only thing I can think about cuz it just feels like a big betrayal and it's like, you know, it's someone you stick up for and someone who's your friend and it's like it sucks and uh you know, so that's pretty much what we wanted to say uh you know on the show and if you see me on Reddit I talk about it more on Reddit. Yeah. I'm think I I had this thought last night. I think me and Cutie should make a podcast. I think I think it could be the biggest one out of all the in all the biggest one. The biggest I think it I think it crushes lemonade stand for one. You think it'd be bigger? Of course. Are you kidding me? That's his new laugh. Okay. One, didn't know you could make that sound. Two, it's pretty similar. Wait, it's going to crush the yard. You've been working on your new laugh, right? Yeah. Yeah. Can you show it to me? Mhm. That's your This is not new. He's done this a lot. I know this. I guess it's kind of a laugh, but you've done that laugh before. Oh, that's not Aiden, you have a new laugh. I'm bringing No, you you don't have a new laugh. I have a diverse portfolio of laughs. We had one thing that we worked on between last episode and this episode and you didn't bring it. Please show us your new laugh or get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. The door's right there. Don't lemonade stand. There it is. That's a good laugh. We put him on the screen. I did not think you I like the noise you can make in my dolphin arena right now. Uh yeah, I do think a you and Cutie podcast would go crazy. She's the queen of podcast. I was telling Jason during Master Baker, I was saying you should start a podcast. Yeah, cuz he was like a podcast called Type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. And it's him and Adapt and they're just in the dictionary looking up words, dude. Oh my god, it's amazing. Okay. They they do word of the day. They do like Jason Vivaceious. Yeah. And And then they type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dab each other up, and then use it in a sentence. Zipper, how many um how many words are in the the Oxford dictionary? Uh 36,454. Anyone have a You would be crazy. Anyone have a guess? Mine's 86,000. So off. Oxford Dictionary of English. Uh no. Spanish. Well, okay. But let me ask you, but and and and I instantly was like understood. But a follow-up question is is like inshallah in the English dictionary. Um probably not. It depends how cool locally it's used. But there are like loan words. Usually it's Webster, right, that has like the the the swag and stuff like No. would be in there that has like rez. No, I think urban dictionary bro loose with it. Miriam Webster. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I was saying. Yeah. Well, well, hold up. How many words in the dictionary zipper? You call Miriam a cheap date? I think Miriam's a Mavis Beacon and Miriam uh over 600,000 words. I was so phenomenally off. And Oxford Spanish is over 300. 30,000. I mean, I only said 80,000, so I guess I'm not better than you, but like that's so little. I think I drop like 5,000 words a year. We're trusting Oxford to do the Spanish dictionary. You drop way more than 5,000 words a year. I don't think I am. Definitely. He's talking about the pool. My awesome idea. They they do 100,000 episodes and every episode is a word. They start they go to the word and that's the topic of the day and they it every episode's like 5 minutes long. Dude, they'd only be like 30 by the time they finish. No, dude. I think every They'd get I'd be 80. It'd be like a letter a year. A letter a year. Do you get through one letter out of a year of podcasting? That's fire though. That is fire. It'd be like those, you know, those like fake artists on uh Spotify, like kind of like Ram McDonald, but there's other ones like there's guy who sings about poop and it's just like the poop songs and there's like 1,500 tracks kind of viperesque. Yeah. It's like the old Netflix indie movies like Taint Light that are like a Twilight parody. Yeah. It's like these weird not movie movies, but it's a shitload of them and it's so voluous because it's like their tracks, right? And so it'd be this the Jason and adapt podcast word of the day type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh for you know thousands and thousands. Well, he said that podcasts are for unks and he wouldn't do one. See, okay, he's kind of right. No, he's showing his he's showing a vulnerability. He actually said they're for wash streamers. Okay, they are. But they are but I think podcasts are a a working person's medium. You listen when you're in the car. You listen when you do your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] job. So if you're turning away from podcast, you're saying that I don't they need my attention. No, this is why he's right. Cuz kids don't have jobs. They [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drop ship. So he's so showing a vulnerability here and like not understanding that some kids do have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The most successful creators are the ones who are appealing to 14 to 22 year olds. It's true. And those are the ones who aren't listening to podcasts. It's 22 plus when you start podcasting. I'm not doing that. You're doing that. What? Your chat's different now. I'm trying to make it younger. Yeah. My chat got too old. You want your chat to be younger? Yes. I want them to be young. his chat post W's a lot. You're like jingling the keys in the camera versus shiny and awesome. No, I was live yesterday and I had like 10,000 extra viewers. Uh, and I and I was like, that's weird. And then I wait a second. I looked I saw Jason wasn't live and then I was like I was like, let's get a W check. And then and then they come they come cl just a bunch of first time messages being like, yeah, you caught me. I'm here. Just like orcs in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] holding a sword up. Oh, hello. It's cutie Cinderella. It's cutie. And she's got her big jeans. Wow. And so many pockets. Oh my god. I think he's okay. Why are you looking at me like I jumped? You should have walked in through the side entrance. Everyone knows. Everyone knows when the yard said you can't come. You can't break the fourth floor. Jump from the side entrance. Child. It's like someone coming through the TV in sign. I'm not going to lie. You're supposed to come through there cuz then they would have jumped. No one can see you on camera. The child. This is a lesson for you in the future. This is a lesson for you in the future. This is Swift pick now. He's made his decision a hundred times. My radant, my beautiful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Don't say that while she's talking. What are you doing? I was listening to her talk. Okay, that's fine. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ho. Yeah, she's cool, man. I I sing to her every day now. Really every day type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Genuinely. Well, I don't say this the the not the slurs, but the the bad words. Baby girl, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate you. I every day I go I go, "My beautiful girlfriend." And then I keep just riffing and the riffs get longer. Yeah. That you've kind of hit that. I do it every day. I work on it every day. Yeah. And every day she just sits and it's an unskippable cut scene. She's pressing A. It can't be skipped. Are you singing to your girlfriends? Um, I'm trying not to throw up on my girlfriend today because this whatever I ate is just that bad. Dude, he was so he was to be fair, I definitely ate something bad. Ho, wait. Catch a fly. Show me. Show me the money. Oh, nothing. Oh, got it. You were saying you were saying though. Uh, you said and sometimes what when you sing to her. I interrupted you. I want to know. You sing to her and sometimes and then I interrupted. I sing to my girlfriend every morning. No, you don't. What do you mean you think you do? Well, I could maybe I miss some mornings. I don't know. But it feels like every morning. What? Well, like what do you sing? I'll I'll just like turn her name into a little song or I'll do a little I do dance for my girlfriend every morning for 100% never. Yeah. I usually like pull up and I'm like really tired cuz I just woke up and she's been up for like 5 hours. And so I pull up and I I do one of these. Oh yeah, I've seen that. And then she'll usually And then she'll kind of be in her little work chair and she'll be she'll be like this. She does hit it back. That's fire every morning. You guys Tik Tok every morning. Wow. I you could ask her. I don't miss a morning. I believe that. Yeah. I used to see this. And I look like garbage. I don't brush my teeth before the the dance comes first, then I brush my teeth. What do you do? What do you do to your girl? To her. Dude, what do you do to her? I don't like the way you do to your girl. To her. I'm not doing to her. What are you doing to I sing to her? You sing to her. I sing at her. Do you dance to your girlfriend? Like No, he dances with no to at you. She makes it with I do it too. True. True. If she doesn't reciprocate, it's two. There's two with and at. Do you You don't sing at your girlfriend. I'm doing it too. I'm Marco Nolo. He's Marco Polo. What are you? I don't sing. I kind of I'll I'll do something similar to Nick. I guess I'll like walk in and kind of hit a You're always biting my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I feel like I feel like when he does it, it's his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out and he's just swinging his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in front of her. That's sometimes. I mean, that's just cuz he's got to make everything sexual. That's what I feel like. I feel like I feel like he's just like sending pics of his penis. It's art. I with his. It is. It's art. Yeah, it's worth it. Yeah. I don't I mean I I don't live with my girlfriend, but I do. Wow. Main podcast launch. Yeah, main podcast. Okay. What? I will say I will say my bits are all rose come out. Oh rose. Wow. My bits are all verbal. It's a floor wife. I don't dare. Your bits are not all verbal. No, but the ones that like What do you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say up when you run? I I'm saying my girlfriend bits are verbal. You sleep on the floor now and belt slap. She's starting to really like the floor. Whoa. So, what can you say? I I I'm going to tell you, eight women who listen to this podcast's heart just broke. Yeah. They've been they've been sleeping on the floor for a year in preparation. Like one punch man, no AC on the floor doing 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups for you, and now their dreams crushed. It's not the only criteria, by the way. In fact, no, they're also mean on Reddit. No, that's not the case. But I will say I I think we had our first fight because yeah, she grabbed the top of the switch out of the dock by the screen. Um, dude, you're actually disgusting 55-year-old man. Can I get Can we just give you some tip? Not Aiden. Aiden sucks at this. Can me and let me just give you some tips. So, let me This is Aiden's response. She picked it up. You shouldn't pick it up by the OLED screen. She picked it up by the screen. She left a big fingerprint on it. And I was like, did you pick it up by the screen? cuz I'm like playing it. And then and then I'm not I don't actually care. But she's like, "No." And I was like, "Okay, I guess I did it." And then five. Okay. Okay. Pause. Pause. We got We got to pick your battles. No, no, no. We got We got to pick that. You can't There's no way that there's literally no You could be like, "Oh, well, I guess I did it." And it's You're still in the dick. you you know why I said that is cuz she's like no why like I don't do that so it it couldn't have been anyone else. So I just shrugged and was like I guess it was me. And then later on I used tape to get that fingerprint and I put it in the lab. So I showed her with 100% evidence it was her fingerprint. So I just gave it to her and then 5 minutes later she's like I think I was the one who did that. And I was like yeah I thought so. Okay. And then I whipped it out her head. Yeah. Yeah. You just now she has seven stitches. Yeah. Yeah. That's a That's a bad fight. In fact, I I'm so good at choosing my battles. Yesterday, we're walking back from uh from Nou. Went to Nou. Fancy dinner after Master. It was so awesome. I felt like Drake. It was awesome. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like a crazy man after in the toilet. Really? I think it's cuz of Master Baker. I think it was Master Baker. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nick. I also I also sh I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gross. I just realized I also [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gross and crazy. I'm pretty sure that's news. I'm pretty sure it was like the like a Jackson Pollock in my toilet. It was disgusting. I I I like it like a He-Man action figure. My stomach made a noise like a cartoon. It went and I was in the car and I made you laugh. Mine turned on like a like a PS4. I had a red ring around my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] belly button. Had a red ring behind you, bro. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, uh while we're walking to the car cuz cutie parked she found a parking spot. We're in like a Mercedes Sprinter van cuz she needed to travel with 15 people. So she sees a parking spot on the street. She goes, "Oh, park here. It's closed. It's a half mile away." Yeah. She thought it meant you had to sprint everywhere after you get out of the car. So she parked really far from the restaurant. She shy. Let's go. So we we walk the whole way and I'm walking. I'm like, "Are we there?" And she's like, "Ah, it's a little further than I thought." We're seeing a hundred parking spots on the way. We're 10 blocks. It's like her anxiety has figured out that, you know, when you see a spot, take a spot. Uh on the way back anyway, it's chilly. And Maya's wearing nothing but a teacher cut as a jacket. And I'm sitting there. I'm like, and I'm wearing a jacket. I'm like, do I offer my jacket? Cuz it's like cuz it's because it's like, how many times have I said, "Bring a jacket, it's going to be cold." And she's like, "Nah." This is Maya, though. This is not cutie. Cutie has a jacket. Maya doesn't have the jacket. And I know if I offer the jacket, they're going to both team up and be like, "Oh, so you're cheating on me." Jesus Christ. Wow. This is way more rational than I thought. So, so do I even offer to engage in that scenario? But I see her like like chattering. She's like I Here's what you do because you know they're gonna make it hurt if you try to do something nice. You just withhold it. I withheld it for a while, but I felt bad cuz she literally looked like a snowman. I have the play. I have the play. This is actually works for 100%. You take off your jacket and you say, "Cutie, do you want my jacket?" And she goes, "No, I don't need it." Right. Cuz you knew she wouldn't need it. That's why you wanted She literally had a jacket. Yeah. So you go, "Que, do you want my jacket?" And you just go, "I'm dumb. I didn't even realize you had a jacket." You go, "Que, you want my jacket?" She goes, "No." And cutie is going to go, but Maya might want it cuz look, she's obviously needs a jacket. You let Cutie make the decision. Okay. And we manipulate their brains cuz they're so much smaller than ours. It's like a dinosaur. It's like why the head so big and why the brain so small except ravens. Ravens are really smart. Except ravens and girl ravens. I I don't know if I agree. Don't know if I agree. No, the scale goes men into the spec specificities. No, the skull shape the shape of the skull shape of the skull cuz it's indicative of the size of the bra. Let me tell you, let's not get into eugenics. Let me tell you what I did. Eugenics. I you what? Explain even what it means. It's eugenics. You cuz I cuz I know what I did is I battled a bit and then I said, "My do you want my jacket?" And then she was like, "No, it's okay." And then I heard a tone that sounded like they were gonna say some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I went before they could I cut him off with my with my man voice and I went huh I figured I shouldn't have offered cuz you guys were going to say I'm cheating on you and they it stun locked them both. Yeah. And then they and then they laughed and then they went, "Yeah, we probably would have." So I I I bit them to the point. That's a risky play though. It's a really risky play because they can always say, "But we never did say that." So now you're just guessing. Yeah, I know. But I I step at the mound and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] swing cuz I know they're too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to throw a ball. This is This is some chess. This is like when those ATL goons tried to get the baby to check in. And they did this thing that was really interesting is the ATL goons said, "You need to sign a permission slip." The baby says, "I don't sign permission slips. I don't sign permission slips." On the porch, looked at them. Yes. In the eye. You saw this? I saw this. Aiden saw this. You think you think I didn't see this? And so so what the goons do, DHL goons that try to get the baby to check in is they said what's your rap name and the baby's been around the block and he knows I he said they know my name cuz if he says I'm the baby [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm the baby they go megal and that's a that's a trap setup trap question and what you did is you got ahead of it you are much like the baby what did the baby do well the baby stood 10 toes down Lwood yeah he stood 10 he stood on business and it wasn't clocking to the goons not even a little Much like this situation, Debab was also dating one of the ATL goons. He's overcome the homophobia accusations. Beautiful. It was really beautiful. Still couldn't be in the music video, but you know, it is what it is. We were saying Nick was like, I want to make an AI version of that where it's Aiden as the baby. Oh, it's his voice and it looks like Aiden, but everything else is exactly the same. So, I did check in. Well, that's that's the thing. Would you check it? I'm not no peeweee. Yeah, I'm not playing politics. I'm an adult, so we have to respect. I can't check in with everyone. I already told the youngans over there. It's not reasonable. That'd be really funny. Also, last night, Lu was a screener and he was walking through Nou on his phone. He rocked white and right into a glass pane door. Good, dude. I was I was like it went like I was doing a sponsored post in Nou. Yes, in Nou. Dude, you need to you need to get out of Los Angeles for a little bit. There was also a guy there was a guy at Nou sitting right next to us who was with his like girlfriend who's like dressed to the nines heels [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] earrings and he's on his phone at the dinner table loudly just laughing. He laughed like slime did earlier like ironic but like he was on a phone call for like a while and the girls just texting and they're not talking at all. He's talking to Andrew Tate AI. I think he's talking to someone famous cuz he was really into the conversation and they had a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The table behind me was Japanese and I I was like forehead. Yeah. Le kept asking us if he wants us to translate their conversation. What's the matter with you? I could. I could. You could pick up four words of what they're saying. Gcon, that's one. You can't say that one. Oh, you definitely can't say that one. Vending machine for tea only. Why would they have a word for it? Dude, how did you get that word? They love tea. He's so fluent. He's crazy with that. Yeah, I was hanging out with we got food with Maya and cutie the other day yesterday and I was like my asked me this question I've never been asked before which it was just what job do you think you'd be the worst at was at lunch talking and I was like that's weird but I instantly answered child soldier. Yeah. And that she was like wow I've never gotten that answer before and I'm like well I mean it'd be a terrible job. Well I mean out the gate you're just you're not you're missing a key. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. He's never been to war. Um, you'd be bad at so many other jobs. I think child soldier I'd be the worst at right away. Why' you sigh, Zipper? Cuz me and Zipper are on the same wavelength. You think you'd be worse at other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I see a thought bubble coming out of the door over there. I mean, come on. A basketball player. Oh my god. Yeah. Do you think I'd be a better child soldier or basketball player? You'd be a way better child soldier than professional basketball player. 100%. It's not even close. You are the worst basketball player I've ever seen. And I'm not being mean. You are being mean. No, I believe it. You're just not being mean for the sake of it. You're being truthful. I'm being truthful, not mean. What if it's mean to be truthful? It never is. Ever. Ever. Ever. Take that into your relationship. No, it it is. Never truth. Interesting. Dude, I found new strats with cutie. And it's And it's improving our lives. She saying that she was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] while she was talking. Dude, me when my girlfriend asks if I find other girls pretty. No, boo. That's what we were talking about last night. That was the no boo bit. Oh, I get it. Yeah, my new strat is um well, I'm creating strategy. Please as a guy in a, you know, a new relationship. Uh, put me on game. I Well, I hated doing her laundry for a long time. Gh. Duh. Cuz I couldn't fold girl clothes. How do you fold underwear? How do you fold girl underwear? It's impossible. You just b You just ball it. Impossible. And then she's got shirts that have they're like terraasex. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, "Oh, I'm supposed to make this smaller. It's supposed to fold into a shirt." Uh, so I've been I've been splitting two laundry bags. So then I know when it's her laundry day, my laundry day. Other thing, she always she needs like a water every night. And every night she fills up the biggest glass we have full of water. She takes the smallest sip in the world and then she leaves that by her bed. This full water. Next day, guess what happens? She spills it. No, she gets a new water because she doesn't like drinking old water. I'm I'm Me and her are twin. And but here's the thing. Water's water. Water's water. Now, to defend Nick and cutie, it it's factually true that if you leave water out, there's a bacterial layer that forms in the top that will taste a little different. It's not dangerous to you. It's like when poop gets in your toothbrush. The same thing. Oh, cuz you fl cuz you flush in the bathroom and it goes everywhere. And they have like they toothbrush. Wait, what are you talking about? Why do you guys [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on your toothbrush if it's not that? We'll move on. Okay. So anyway, my new strat is I stop getting myself water. She's doing it for me. I just grab her water from the night before and she's saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like, "Thanks for taking my water out." So, but it's secretly for the both of you. I'm just taking her She's getting me water every night. So, you're saying I'm drinking her old water. Put Put her to work like a horse that doesn't know she's working. Amen. Oh, interesting. These are the strats I'm figuring out. type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right, Aiden, what's your your um advice for me? Real girlfriend strap for a new girlfriend have her. Okay. Uh well, when your girlfriend finds a Sunny Angel, which is a small plastic naked boy doll that women collect right now when she finds one of those on the street and then decides to pick it up still and bring it home and then this is terrifying. Then then presumably once she does this, she'll start hiding it in different locations uh in the half of the bed where you sleep. And she says if you remove it, uh why would you do that? That's our child. Don't be so cruel. You say you're right. It's our child. And and that really just tides things over. You don't say anything else. You don't say anything else. I if you play there's there's other options here that you can select. None of you'd be surprised they go badly. If you're playing League against her and you flash Q alt with Amumu and you kill her Warwick who's trying to counter your dragon, don't bring it up to her. Okay. Right. Just let the play be the play. Let that let the play be the play the play because you're looking to be kind of rewarded and told good job for protecting my lane, but you you can't be doing that. It's not even I just don't even want to I just don't even need it's just let the play be the play. You can watch the highlight reel if you want, but I'm not going to talk about it. Um and for me, my advice is when you're trying to bond with her dad and you uh are and you're talking to him about his rare coin collection and you ask a question like, "Oh, what years that do you have?" And then you see a look on her face that indicates that this whole time she actually thought that the rare coin collection was just like a like like just coin like a circular disc that's just valuable for no particular reason and not actually from like a histo eras. And when you see that she actually thought it was just a circle that was worth money, not like gold or silver or any particular material, just like a circle that's a coin, and you see that look on her face. Don't point out that you saw the change on her face and ask if that's exactly what she was thinking this entire history for her whole life in front of all of her family and basically force her to admit that that's the truth. Right. This is good. This is getting surprisingly common. Like like like like a rare like a rare coin from the Smithsonian or something. Like a like a circle that you would call a coin cuz I guess it's coin shaped but it's not necessarily gold. What is it made of that would make it material? Tungsten material. Okay. Valuable material. Valuable material. He presumably has many of these. So many that it's a very very valuable collection. Like Mario. Like Mario. Yeah. Like exactly like Mario. It's like like are these even used in the Mushroom Kingdom for for exchange of goods? 100 honey gets us a new life. Yeah. So when you find yourself there, just kind of let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Can you bring it up later? You could even be You could even later be like, I also thought that because one, you make her feel seen, but true, you're just trying to find out if that's really what she thought. So you get what you need, but then she also gets something she didn't realize she wanted, which is to feel seen. Wow. Yeah. Such good advice. Completely hypothetical situation. Also, like made that totally hypothetical. Completely hypothetical. I mean, but you know, the hypothetical is like a metaphor for Yeah. Or it could be an exact same or it could be exact. Yeah. Yeah. Fact is stranger than fiction or whatever. It's tough. Facts can be stranger than fiction. Well, thanks guys. I'll report it back. And why And why come girls always have a drawer for shirts, you know? Why don't they? I was a drawer guy for a long time for t-shirts. Yeah, I prefer drawer for shirts. I don't like hung shirts. I got drawer. Oh, I got drawer. I guess I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I take I take [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shitty shirts. drawer nice shirts. Nick, your clothing behaviors are affeminite. They're also Wait, you're saying because I You're saying because I I don't dry my clothes and I hang dry everything. I'm I am a woman. Yeah, they're I'm saying they're a feminine. Okay. You're saying to use feminine to hang dry? I I not just hang drying. Let's Let's deep to dry. Let's Let's dig deeper into Nick's clothing habits. They're abominable. Let's put that out there. I don't think they're abominable. I think they're affeminite. To me, those are synonyms. Nick Nick will have Nick will have piles. I have a clean pile that I'll pull from with all his awesome clothes. Yeah. And and I find that to be an affeminite behavior. Clothing habit. I'm with a loathing rabbit. Dang. Nabbit. He's getting better. He's getting better. Nabbit is Nabbit's a rabbit. He's a Mario Kart Mario Kart World. Wait. Also, can we quickly talk about I want to get back to the clothes thing, but can we quickly talk about how SA S tried to test my gangster at the at the event and and she was like cuz she was talking about she was she was trying to roast like her camera guy uh Rosie his name Rosie. Yeah, Rosie for um being bad at all video games and I and then and then someone tested her and was like, "Oh, no." I said I pointed at her and I was like, "Name three video games." And she was just like, "Play me Mario Kart right now." And I was like, I I've never played this one, and if we play sit down right now and we play a pre, I absolutely destroy you. And she was like, no, we sit down. Yeah. Three out of four free races, I destroy her. Who Who did you play as? Uh, I literally just spammed a, so I kept whatever the last person had. Got it. So, it was Toadette and whatever the car was set on, which I think is the best car. Baby Blooper. Um, baby. And the only race she won, SA, cuz I know you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know you still watch the show. You have to hopefully. Uh, only race she won was the one that Void said where all the shortcuts were and it was coaching her in her ear. Did Leslie, did I hear this correctly? Did Leslie say she doesn't listen to the AR but listens to Lemonade Sand? Um, did Leslie say she doesn't That'd be devastating. I I'm not going to lie. That would really hurt. She said Oh, she said something like that at Master Baker. What was it? She said she saw a clip of Aiden and I was like, was it on the yard? She said, "No, it was lemonade stand." She clips clips. Okay. Um, I don't remember. I don't remember the context. I forgot. I forgot clips don't count. They get force-fed to people, I guess. I keep hoping you guys say some inappropriate [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get cancelled. You hope that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, for you. Yeah. For me, it'd be Oh, yeah. For for lemonade. I hope I don't know. I hope like like Iran is real. Like I'm I'm not in the weeds enough, but like who's I get cancelled? I'm not like Sl You know when Slime used to say, "Lwick, if I get cancelled, it's okay. You can take me out back and you can shoot me." He used to say that. I'm not like that. I go down. I'm blogging into that Chase account one last time. Yeah. Oh my god. I really appreciate it. And you know what's embarrassing is Jason pulls up his Chase. I I go let's go Chase for Chase. He shows me his Chase account. And then he's like, "All right, show me yours." And I couldn't log in. I'm just sitting there and he's like he's like, "You're scamming me." I'm like, "Dude, I just can't figure it out." Dude, sit up pocket checked me. Okay. Pocket. No, hold up. Aiden's been on this new kick. What is this? It's not a new kick. He hit a millie and he walks What? Aiden hit a kick. That's crazy. That is crazy. Aiden hit a millie and he walks around going, "I got a mill." I don't do that. I do not do that. Everyone out. We know I do. But why? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Because there's a clip from Lemonade Stand Patreon where I talk about why taxes on the wealthy should be raised. The the clip goes like this. It goes It goes, "Should we raise taxes on the wealthy?" And then he goes pulls his pants down, dick is out. I got a mill. I got a mill. And he's like, "Everyone else should probably get raised, but I shouldn't cuz I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] worked hard for my shit." Wait, how did you get more money than me? He didn't go to the casino. Really? Just the casino? What? If you took all the money you've ever lost at a casino and instead just put it into like any blue chip stock, you'd be so rich. Dude, that's crazy. Like if you put a h 100,000 into Apple 5 years ago, that'd be so wild. Cuz I gave you 100,000 cash. Yeah. 5 years ago four years ago, right? Uh Apple stock 5 years. Liquid like like assets. No. No. No assets. No assets. No. That's what I thought you meant. I was like that's not what No, definitely not. Unless you count the fact that I have access to his bank account. Well, if it's not liquid, you're you're liquid for a lot more than me. 57%. You You would double it. You would damn near double that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Damn, that'd be crazy. You would over double it. Crazy. Um Well, if it's not liquid, it doesn't count. Do you think you could have mogged? You saw his number. Jason's. I got him. Uh do I think I modded? I think those kids have all their money in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just their savings. Uh no, they they they invest. They do. Yeah, they invest. Nice. They're the Bitcoin generation, dude. Jason's got a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] covered, dude. He's reading the dictionary. He's investing. He He ain't a crypto kid, but I don't know. I think banks I have beef with Jason. Whoa. I have beef official. I have beef with Jason the and he doesn't know my real He doesn't know my name. So, it's kind of a one side. You might know your name. You might not know what you look like. You ask him to remember what you look like. He knows what I look like for sure. Cuz the reason Jason the reason I have beef with him is when I showed up to Master Baker, I went up and I said, "What's up, bro?" for a DAP. And he went he went W Ed Sheeran. Dude, that's crazy. And I I I then I took the dap away and I said, "Now, what's that about?" All right. I'm And he said, "Sorry." I'm going to put this in front of each of y'all and I'm just going to have him guess your names. Sure. We'll see if he nails it. He's not going to pour water. He's not picking up. He's not going to. Yucky. There's water. It's so funny that is on the FaceTime meta. Yeah, he's Yeah, he's tapping into their methods. Judy was telling me I was like, "The FaceTime meta is so funny." She's like, "Yeah, I used to I used to get really like anxious. Like sometimes I wouldn't pick up if I like felt like I looked bad or something." And and she's like, "Now I just like FaceTime. I look, you know, just rip it, bro. It sounds like he doesn't even know your name. That is pretty pathetic. Well, yeah. You're literally 30 and Jason isn't picking up your FaceTime. It is what it is. This probably hasn't woken up yet. I'm a better baker than him. True. Zipper, can you play the uh the clip I put in the um uh the the Discord? What? Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Dolby Discord. Oh, there he is. It doesn't work. Okay, there he is. Yo, I'm not ready for this. I'm doing the podcast. I need you to do a little trivia. Another trivia. I'm going to show you three people's faces. I just need to tell you to uh you need to tell me their names. Okay. Okay, if you hold that, put in the mic. Hey, what's up, man? What's up, dude? What's his name? Go three for three. Three for three. Oh. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I thought you better send me pictures. Okay. Uh Tony Park. Tony Park. Tony Park. All right. That's Tony Park. That's Wan Croy in the mic. Oh my god. Um Humpty Dumpty. All right. What's up, bro? Uh I met you yesterday. Well, you met me before yesterday. So, what's his name? Dad. Come on, bro. Come on. You know that's not shirt. Ed shirt's fat. Yeah, we we probably couldn't think of any jokes for you either. All right. Hey, appreciate it, Yoda. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude? I don't like this. He really doesn't remember playing me in the show match. Humpty Dumpty. Come on. You think he truly doesn't remember playing me in the show match? I trickshoted adapt. I don't think he remembers. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. But to be fair, I I saw a clip again from the show match. It's after they lose and he's talking to his cameraman, John, cuz he didn't switch the ingest from the PC setup to the camera. And it's just 45 seconds of him yelling at John. He just goes, "John, switch the John. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What do I pay you for, dude? Switch it." Him knowing the word injust is pretty funny. Just blood in the eyes. Yeah. Uh, so I don't think he knew I don't think he remembers much of that. We We're kind of trashing on Jason. He's got it all on his mind. All right. He's, you know, in the bit in a bit of a I I'll call it puppy love and and low key, if I can speak on Jakura just for a moment cuz I feel like I got to say my piece. It's just lowkey I feel like he was kind of putting her on and he was kind of like giving her the spotlight in a way that I think she definitely was into. So for her to sort of like ghost him at the end of that stream and leave him on red low key, it feels [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Listen up. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listening for her. You are not clocking even slightly. For her for her to leave him on red like that even after a whole day of putting her on like type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would not fly. Dude, I need to go read the Yoxic Times to understand this joke. Do you know what she's done for him? She flew from Toronto where she was supposed to be at VCT Masters with her sister who she loves dearly. Ditched to hang out with him. And who flew her out. And who flew her out? Not Jason. Uh yeah, Jason. Definitely Jason. He would never let a girl fly alone. No, that's not Jason, bro. That's not the Jason I know, bro. He didn't fly her out. I didn't even know she was that Jason. And that's not It would be And Jason would never L. She also she also [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loves that girl, bro. She He would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] die for that girl. Maybe he throws his money around, but she's doing the act. She flew. I want to hear some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't want to hear some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from now. Just throwing his money around you. Yeah, you're done. You're done. You're done. The people have spoken. The only flaw that girl guy who's likes to sing now and he he can sing beautifully. God, Jason's voice is beautiful. And now, no, no, no. Street Fighter. And now this contextualized. So, I'm going to say jam slam. Uh, I have to play Syuno. That's this week. Yeah, you're going to get cooked. He master right now. He hit master. master, but he did it with a different character. I thought he was Cammy. No, he he got to master with Jury. He stopped playing Cammy. I know. Which is kind of crazy. For one, calling you out, Saikuna. That's a Goonar character. Goonar character. Not like Cammy obviously. And Cammy and Jury are both talking too much and that's a problem for me. And uh anyway, so I'm practicing a lot and I'm getting coached and it's been really fun. And that's on Wednesday. So when this comes out audio, I'll be uh I'll be doing that. But I'm also So there's this kid, his his tag is also slime. He tweeted at me like five years ago. He's like, "Should I change my tag?" Uh because I pick slime and you're slime. And I was like, "You can do you, man." But you know, if you have the same tag, it's people always going to make the mistake or compare. And 5 years later, uh we come across each other again and he's like, "Hey, I didn't change my tag." He's also like, "I'm pretty sick at Street Fighter if you want to learn." And I'm like, "Great, that sounds great." So we hopped on a call and he plays my and I don't know the my matchup. And when we're he he's like 21. When we're playing and he's teaching me stuff on his stream, uh we find out that the US has bombed Iran. And so so I tell him and this happens. Wahi, we're finished. This a is going to be the last thing we're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have. Oh my god. All right, hold on. Let me get a PSA real quick. Iran, if you weren't listening, my name is Ali. My buddy here, Slime, Slimeb Muhammad, you know, he's Muslim, too. Listen, he's Muslim. He's slime over here Muslim. Okay. He's bald cuz it's for He wants to hide. We all John his real name is Yaha. Okay. Right. We are We are safe. We love Shia. I love Hussein. Motorcat you know like she tweets like the Ayatollah. She loves women. Okay. So like you know we we keep Queens safe. Queens is safe. We have Zohar Mani. Inshallah he will win and beat the evil Netanyahu Pomo. Do not bomb New York. Bring Lewick to our house. We're having a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shawan. Don't bring to Mani. We love the Ayatono. He was tweeting some real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Do not bomb New York. I beg of you. Damn. So, he's pretty cool. Yeah. And then we were right back to learning the my match up. Well, congratulations on becoming Muslim. Yeah. So, if I could, you know, talk to everyone out there who was maybe on the fence about Assalam alaikum. Uh, and I'm full. And don't worry to eat. I had enough to eat today. That's insane. Yeah. After uh after the earth bombed her on, cutie at night was like, "We got to leave." And I was like, "Why?" And she was like, "I saw a Tik Tok and this is in the red zone of places that are going to get bombed." Okay. And I was like, "Oh, that's not this is not good." Dude, Shake, did you see Shakes's tweet? No. He was at berio cart and he was like, "Alex just leaned over to me and he's like, I don't know if this is a bad time right now, but we just bombed her on. in the middle of burial cart, which I did have the same feeling. I at some point like I think maybe like six beers deep, I check my phone and see the headline and I was just like I don't think I'm in a good place for this right now. Emergency lemonade stand pod. Dude, you should do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They should do that. You guys should You guys should go live the day of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that happening. That's a fire idea. Talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. Basically to say whatever you're feeling. The thing they actually do is they record right before the thing happens and then the episode comes out and it's like ah ah they're not talking about the thing that just happened. Yeah. There's a I still watch him. William Spananiel. I started watching him during the Ukraine war and he's like a political analyst. Someone in the comments a long time ago was like that guy's my professor. He's a professor at he does like war theory and stuff. Anyway, he comes out with this video and I'm obviously watching all this stuff. He's like, "Why the US and Iran might become entangled." And then I'm watching like the the notification like 8 hours later like, "We bomb Iran." And he's like, "Yeah, I got to get a video out on this one, I guess, too." My friend was messaging me. He's uh he got invited to a wedding in Kazakhstan. And he he was like, "Uh, can you help me like what you know, if I want to plan travel like can you help me out? Uh would I fly through here? Would I fly through here?" One of the places you can fly through is Qatar. You fly on like Qatar Airways and you link through like a day later. Qatari airspace closed the whole airspace. Yeah. Because they the Iran retaliated today. They they sent missiles at US military bases. You're like blood. Sorry. That might not be. It was like I don't know if you can make it to the wedding, man. Might be might be bad. Maybe a train through. Maybe just just get on a train. Fly. I was like, well, you could like fly the other way around. It'd be a lot longer. Like when ships have to go around Africa when the Suez Canal is Yeah. Yeah. The plane equivalent of that. Crazy. Take your 40hour plane journey together instead. You told me something about Void at Burio Kart that I haven't forget. Oh my god. Yeah. It was really funny. So, at rewind at World's Greatest, the event Lewig did. Um, Void was I was I was asking Void about just improvement and stuff, getting his like his piece on it because he's obviously like such an amazing gamer every game he plays. Uh, I was hoping to walk away with some sort of tangible advice that would help me. And he was just like, "Yeah, um, I mean, something kind of weird that I do um that isn't really advice is that, um, I get better at games when I go to bed. So, when I fall asleep, I usually dream and I'll work out ideas in my dreams and then I can do them when I wake up." And I'm like, Right. Um, okay. So, I can't do that. But, um, the lucid dreamer Improver, he does this. He does this with every video game. He goes to bed when he wants to learn something when he cuz he wants to use that time and he just learns it. And he was like, so he he finds me at bio and he goes, I got to tell you something. I'm like, yeah. He's he's like hammered. He's like looking both ways. And he's like, you know, remember I told you how I improve my my dreams? And I was like, yeah. And he goes, "Well, I'm playing Street Fighter right now and there's this combo that I just always drop. I just keep dropping it." And I'm like, "I see where this is going." I'm like, "Yeah." And he's like, "So, I went to bed and I thought about the combo in my sleep and I dropped it in my dream." And I was like, "No, God's dead." He's like, "Yeah, things like I woke up and I was just so mad." Boy's very He gets very gravely serious and then he'll just smile really fast. smiled. He just bravely serious. I've lowkey done this with what? With League. With League. Like, okay, but you dreamed about missing bandages like you always do. Oh, no. Sorry. Two bandages. Two time platch. Two time plate. Platch. You are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] silver. Oh, well, he's a great Samus player, so kill yourself. Okay. I watched a league video before bed every single night for like six weeks. Oh, I remember that. And then I started just thinking about like and it's not complex ultimately, but like the most uh efficient Amumu combo if I land a Q and just like my order, which is Q, Wr. No, you have W on before you Q. Oh, yeah. So, okay. So, it's less complicated. No, it's like Q ER uh EQ maybe. Uh but anyway, I just kept like envisioning doing it and then I and then I did it the next day and I was like, "Oh, that was awesome." Did you ever practice it in like practice mode? No. No. I just played the game after and it hit. But I think I could only do that after literally watching like 20 hours of Amumu VODs over the course of six weeks. I think that is one of your greatest accomplishments. I think I've said this before, but all that other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] throw it away. The streak to close it out was it was crazy, man. Subathon washed. Yeah, who cares? Hold up. Nobody cares. Jason was literally 10 when the subathon pok. Yeah. Huh? Poker suck, too. If you think about it, you kind of subathoned when it was all plumbers. Yeah. True. Real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] True [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I That's Yeah, bro. I dropped a 100point game. I beat Ninja and he was with Drake at the time. Yeah, but Ninja is like Jerry West and you're like, "Oh my god, dude." My little cousin, I I I I I linked up my little cousin for first time like 10 years. I don't think I've ever had an adult conversation with him in my whole life. And he was just like, "Yeah, I play Marvel Rivals now. I linked I I played against Ninja. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on him. He sucks." So, Ninja's washed. Let's go. Wondering if I'd be Oh my god. My record's still up there. Aiden has a really good point. My records are still standing. Yeah. And Bill Russell will always have won 11 championships. Like, what do you want me to say? Oh my gosh. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know anything about but when he talks so confidently I start going like this bro I'm like I'm like I'm like Kareem Abdul Jabar's scoring recorded Kareem Abdul Jabar's uh second place scoring record is still respected yeah you always have respect we respect you I respect you I work for I would for you if I didn't respect plumbers it's funny because if you were grinding league at the time and we said all this you wouldn't care you'd be like I'm still doing it by the way what I'm still out there putting up 30 a night. Putting up 30 a night. Okay. Sometimes it's 20. 30. He 50. You 50% win rated your way back to plat. That's putting up 30 a night. Yeah. Cuz I had good MMR. I mean, I hit it again. Like I still got it. Yeah. You're going to be one of those tourist guys that like you log on for a week every season and you get your rank so it stays in Europ.gg and then you dip forever. Did you win your PL game? Yeah. Yeah. I won my PL game. I played it on stream. And by the way, League 2 is this week. Oh yeah, really? Yeah, it actually is. And we're going to a new lane. You start tomorrow. We're dominating a new territory Thursday. Thursday to Sunday. Oh, a new territory. I'm going to a new lane. And I'm going to I'm not The goal is not plat. The goal is 10 in a row. That's so much harder. Yeah, that's way harder. Not for a guy like me. Wait, what was your streak? How many games did you win in a row the night you hit plate? In a row twice. Wow. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. It was just that's why it was so crazy cuz it was against all odds. The subathon itself, it was like, "Yeah, this keeps going at an even pace." But man, I can't I can't express how much of more of an accomplishment it was that you hit Platt cuz even Tyler 1's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] old grumpy ass gave you your flowers. Beautiful. I'm just good. I actually realize I could hit diamond in League if I wanted. Oh, okay. Actually, you know what? Maybe I shouldn't doubt him. Maybe I shouldn't doubt him. The only reason I don't Wait, you have to get through emerald, right? Is it plat emerald? But emerald's free. Emerald's like actually for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] brain dead. Look, I'm gonna keep it real with you. Let's get right to it. I use rocket money. And you know what I learned? I've been paying for two Adobe subscriptions for like 5 years. Identical ones. Yeah, dude. Adobe is really expensive now. It's like $90 a month. You got to cancel. You have too. I don't know. I just used rocket money to cancel my mortgage cuz I've been finding out I'm paying hundreds of thousands a year on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, that's awesome. You should go reset up your mortgage. Living in the house, guys. It was so easy to cancel with Rocket Money. It's a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spendings, and helps lower your bills so you can grow savings. Savings so much subscription. It's it's you want your mortgage. It's one of those monthly subscriptions we all deal with that we sign up for one day and the next day. There's a lot of monthly subscriptions out there. Like Netflix I didn't know was charging me like Netflix is your mortgage is not the same as Netflix subscription alerts if your bills increase or unusual spending is noticed. I actually that's true I use Rocket Money and I found there was some unusual spending in my electricity bill and so I just canceled my electricity bill and the thing is you can cancel that money also can help you check your credit score. So after you cancel your mortgage you should go look at what your credit score says. That's a real thing that it does. Yeah. Why don't you just give me the first digit? I'll just go rip that right now. You guys go ahead. It's going to take a second. Okay. Well, uh, Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in cancel subscriptions, saving members up to 7437 400 credit score 437 saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps features. And you you have to use it correctly. Loving has just started to use all the apps features. So, L maybe we get your Oh, I read it wrong. Okay. 436. Okay. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with RocketMoney. Go to rocketmoney.com/yard. That's rocketmoney.com/theyard. We got to have a time with your subscriptions. Let's go. Let's just get back. Got to get out. We got to get out. You know, league broke Miles. Josh and Miles have been doing a race to Low Masta. Yeah. Five games a day. Five games a day. And yesterday, Miles like went into Josh's room and just conceded. He got into two games in a row and he he just breached his human limit. He's like, "You got it. You got the challenge. You beat the challenge." And I was like, "Oh, I wonder if Miles's going to like quit league now." And he was on the next day. It's so funny to quit the challenge but keep playing cuz nothing fundamentally changes. You can just keep playing. Well, you could still just do it. The fun thing is you get to play for more than five games a day. You didn't like the cap. That's not as bad. No, no, it's better. It makes you feel better. No, I wanted to do more. I guess it's like if you only get five games a day and two of them are ined, it's like, oh, this was just a waste of a day. Sure, but Josh has gone like 05, you know? Yeah, I know. It It doesn't make it sense, but I'm trying to empathize with this logic. The So, Void won burial card again. Yeah. And I I really wanted to win this year. I wanted to try my best, but I'm a I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chugger. I think that's what's holding me back. Yeah. You're bad at drinking. Yeah. I'm just really chugging. No vibes that he can chug. Dude, that's the thing. I want you to imagine this man grinded chugging before the event. Genuinely, he wants it more than in the final pre. Uh, he was first, second, second, second at chugging. I I beat him in three of the four, but he beat me on the first chug and he was always second and there was a big gap between second and third. I won all my non my non-chug races and the thug. We did the little thug final at the end. Oh, you did the thug finals before. Closed the thug final. But he No, it was like a 24 person took finals, but Void threw up during it. It's like the end of Undertale. Automatic DQ. By the way, by the way, where did he throw up? Uh, he threw up all over Yingo's desk. Awesomely. Interesting. Awesomely. And projectiley came in the room. He's like, he threw it up where? He was looking around the ceiling trying to find it. Dude, the whole for two weeks straight, everyone's like getting ber ready, like testing, and I'm just in the office most of the time. and like Yingling every time would walk by my desk and be like Valkyy's going to throw up on your desk, bro. It's going to be it's going to be a nightmare. They did keep saying this. He deserved this happening. He kept saying it and I was like, "That would suck. I don't want that to happen." And then lo and behold, it's his desk. Whose desk is it? The only time Void sat there, dude. That's so sick. So funny. God. Uh, so yeah. What What did you What did you end in? I got fourth. Okay. Yeah. I I I I had a moment. There was a I had my chance to win it that I lost in the second race. There's a really ridiculous easy grass shortcut to hit on the second track in the finals and I took it too tight and just fell off. And if I had nailed the shortcut, I would have been in the lead in first with two mushrooms going into the final stretch and I as soon as I lost that, I was mathematically out of it. I was in first for four out of five checkpoints on Rainbow Road and then just got blue shells. You were getting blue. You were getting sad. But dude, after uh cuz cuz people kept hanging out and and partying after and I think you know most people are hanging out having a good time and at some point my PC gets that gets turned on for for CSGO cases like like it's on it's on my inventory screen in CS. Okay, I watched this happen. I don't know how drunk he was. He turned it on. I literally I literally watched him sit down, turn it on, and navigate to this hast screen. I watched all of this. No, no, no, no. This is what I was sitting next to PC the whole time. I was I was really I was really drunk and I was like, you know what would be fun right now? You know what? I want to see if I can win a Counterstrike death match. So, I lost I I opened it up cuz it at this point I'm drunk enough that like playing Mario Kart is difficult and I never play so much. I never play CS intoxicated. So, I wanted to see if I could do something. I get like I get, no joke, I'm 30 seconds into the CS deathmatch, and I'm like, "This isn't fun. This is like this is bad." Uh, and I I just click out of it. And then people I I think it was Polite who came over behind me because he just plays CS to crack. I don't think he plays the game at all. He only cracks CS cases, which as I've learned is an unfortunately large number of people. It is. A lot of people just do not play and only open cases, which is crazy. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Cuz the odds are just so bad. Terrible. But when it lands on the little gold one, you're like, you feel good. You feel good. It's It's like a thousand monkeys holding hands made of light, glowing light dancing in your mind. Yeah. Pure energy. So Polite's like, "You got cases?" And I'm like, "Yeah, I've got cases." cuz I never uh I never crack after I I I don't think I've cracked maybe at all since the day that we all cracked a bunch in a call and you guys all got knives and gloves and I got nothing. Yeah, that was forever ago. I know. Cuz Yeah, that was Kyle cracking one on his Steam Deck. I know. He cracked a knife. The first one. Yeah, that was insane. The first case cracked on Kyle's Steam Deck. And I uh I'm like Polit's like, "You got to do it, man. Come on. Let's go." And so I throw five bucks in the account. I'm like, "I'll get two keys." and we get two and we're done. So, this turns into me opening like 10 and then of course we're getting nothing. You never get anything. I never get anything. And then a crowd starts to form. Oh no. But then I I I hit a li I'm like I do not want to put any more. Like I've spent like $15 and I'm like, "Guys, we haven't gotten anything. This is dumb. I'm not going to spend any more cases." I get up from my computer and walk away. I walk back. The group is still there. Leslie has put $200 from my PayPal into Counterstrike drunk Leslie and is cracking in front of everybody on my account. They're just clad like Wolf of Wall Street. They spend $200 worth of cases and keys. Zero bull. It's all blue. That's sick. And then in the middle of this at some point, Cam comes over to me and he goes, he goes, "Nick, Nick, if you had to give me a number 1 through 10, how much money does Aiden have?" And I was like, "Okay, I don't understand the metric here." Uh I was like, "Is 10 infinity or is it just a lot?" He goes, "It's a lot." And I'm like, "He's a five." And he's like, "That's enough. That's enough." He goes back and he's like, "Ad's a five." And they all go, "Oh, okay. Okay." And they start cracking. It made sense to all of them. And And you got nothing from that at all? Literally nothing. Literally nothing. And what did Leslie say? Leslie, what did she say? Yeah. Yeah. She She said, "I didn't crack anything. This sucks." She just said like they just kept saying you can afford it. Yeah. Which I was like, "You can't log into my PayPal." You can't afford it. How did she get in the PayPal? It's just already logged in. It's my It's my home. It's your home PC. All right, let's confront her. Are you FaceTiming? No, I don't have her number. Dude, next time you FaceTime someone on the pod, you should record your screen. Oh, that's smart. Is that illegal? Uh, you have to say. We have to disclose it. I usually say I'm going to depend if it's if it's single party or Yeah, California is a single party consent state. So it's not then. Huh? It's not then. It's two party consent. Sorry. Two party consent. Oh, I see. I see. There's very few one party consent states. Texas is one of them. Moving moving to Texas to FaceTime Faze to record it and use it and upload it. They're like, we're fine with this. That could be the play. Yeah. What? How does that work if you're in a single party state calling a never mind? It depend. It's where you're recording from. You know, it's like I had this question which I think is uh reasonable. When something when a crime happens on a plane, what's the jurisdiction? The answer is destination. The answer is the the takeoff. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's It's either or, right? It's not airspace over though. For baby, what's it what is it for baby? For baby. Yeah. There's a like he's not doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's not checking in. Yeah. Well, he's not checking in. So, no. I'm saying if a baby's born on a flight, I believe they're given the nationality of the destination. Really? Yeah. Oh, if you do that, you know, when you leave big airports, flying back to the US and you go through US immigration like before you leave. Yeah. Like maybe you're in Toronto or like Amsterdam or something. What if you're flying to Epstein Island? That counts. Oh, would you be What would you be? You would. I mean, I don't think that's an an a nation. It's not Yeah, it's not aver answer the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] question. said it's where you're going. So what? They just they changed the rule cuz it's not a nation. So Zipper, the second thing you need to look up is Epstein Island is in which country? Yeah, I actually don't know this answer to this question. Do you think there was ever a Sega Genesis at Epstein Island? Zipper, can you thing? I don't think there was. Do you see how this is a debate automatically? Unquestionable. I think they had the Ebox. I think he had his own console. I think the Steam Phantom, if any old heads remember that. The Steam Deck. Uh, Little St. James. Uh, British can't be called Little St. James. I think it's I think it's Puerto Rico. I want I want Google to say the answer cuz I am stupid. I'm pretty sure it's Puerto Rico, not the British Virgin Islands. Can we see the Google what the word the US Virgin Islands? Oh, US Virgin Islands. Yeah, US Virgin Islands. And Oh, it's rated one star on Google. Only one review. You can't was born there two years ago. Can we read that guy's review? Does he have He said he has seven photos. Okay. Careful. Uh, seven photos across the reviews. Not for this review. Wow. That guy. Yeah, that guy David had a really bad time. Yeah. You need to order Uber Eats there. Uh, no. You can't even order them in New Hampshire, bro. Yeah. Really? The Epstein island of the East Coast. No. Oh, no. Not at all. I mean, they share this connection. Well, I guess I'm far off. Yes. Thank you. Thank you for sending. Yeah. New England states are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] small and dinky. It's so annoying. They're so little. Aren't they little embarrassing? Little dinky states. And when we started going out west, we're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flopping it out. Yeah. But do you know what the result? Do you know why? Actually, I don't know. No, because it's when the settlers came and they all wanted their little thiefs for slaves. No, it's cuz the West is aid and the land is less fertile. So that you make larger states. Because if you were to cut it up, you'd have some states that are just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dry bare desert with nothing nothing in it. That That doesn't make any sense. I feel like it's cuz we have we have more mini golf courses. No, it's cuz west of the Rockies the the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weather is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It doesn't rain enough for fertile soil. I grew up in Colorado. Rain all the time. Checkmate. You're an idiot. It sounds It just sounds dumb. The Pacific Northwest. I grew up next to a farm. Pacific Northwest does have a lot of bus and grass and fertile soil. You see how your argument just the Pacific Northwest needs to support uh the the more inland arid areas. I don't know this guy's talking. What is he even talking about? Look up Look up a map of roads in the US. I'm not going to do that. A map of roads. Zipper, look up US map road map. Interstate highway. Y'all y'all are y'all are so cringe on the East Coast. She made a whole state out of roads. And it's not even an island. What are you talking about? Fringe. Rhode Island's like the size of my butthole. It's not roads like a road. One highway. That whole state is one highway. Rhode Island is small. I'll give you that. Do you see? Okay. Look. Do you see how many roads there are? East coast. How dense it is. She look like my grandma's leg. Look like a damn veiny penis. It's very like a veiny penis. It's very dense. East coast. Okay. It's a lot of fertile inhabitable lands. All right. And then out west it's a lot less land. Okay. Can you you know you know when you used to boot up Call of Duty and it would show you who's live from where with all the lights. You remember how east coast east coast you'd be like pow bow fireworks. So many. And then west coast it's like it's like there's a small blip in a giant area because bro there's nobody living. There's less people. It's all it's either farmland or inhabitable land. Yeah. Well, I don't get it now. I don't really care because I never played Call of Duty. So, you your attempt to contextualize this didn't land on me and now I just wish we were farmers instead. Have you ever played Metal Gear Solid 2? I have. Okay. You're gay if you've done that. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, it's Pride month. Sorry. You know what's funny? Also, I showed uh I gave Nick a small history lesson cuz in Metal Gear Solid 2, if you don't know, they just had you play a new character that no one liked or cared about. And then at the end they made him naked and you just had to like jump around when Ryden if obviously if you don't know Ryden is just holding his he has to run around and like do flips and you're like a little kid and you're like I wanted Solid Snake in the first place and I I'm I've almost beaten the game and now this is my reward. What? Yeah, cuz he he gets I'm seeing a bit of Nut. You think you are? Uh but yeah, this is one of the greatest games of all time. This is fire. Yeah, it's a great game. This is actually This is Wait, why does it look so good? Is this a remake? It's PS2, baby. They just they they locked in. Yeah, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is so cool. It looks like Aiden running around. Exactly. I was going to say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This would exactly what his body looks like. Yeah, you can do CQC. Uh, it does look like Yeah, he does the flip. No, it actually looks like two Hollis. It does look like two. Metal Gear two Hollis. Yeah, I was Me and Dan were just explaining to Nick why Metal Gear is cool and he was like, "Yeah, this is pretty cool." And I'm like, this is all I ever wanted. I don't need you to play. I do want to play all of them at some point in my life. You know who does stuff like that that I think is cool is Connor. Connor Cog. He'll sit and play like single player games for a long time. And I think that's something that streaming kind of shies away from because it's all W now. But I still like I think it happens just with more popular titles. Yeah, he'll play Conor does that. It's not necessarily like a bus in stream. No, it's not. But he still does it. And he still does it. Yeah, that's true. You want to do a stream with me? else. I know. What is the idea? The idea I call it Mr. President. I give you an Xbox 360. Me and you log on to Modern Warfare 2. I have a riot shield and you have whatever you want and you have to get a nuke and we don't get off until you get a nuke and I protect you. Guy who barely has ever played these games. I feel like this is a better format in a different game. I feel like I would just nuke is the thing. This might be Nick's billion dollar idea. I think I just get one without you. Come on. Okay. Okay. Well, then now you've just you've just removed me from it. No, but like that's what I'm saying. He does it next day. He's getting attack nuke. Call him Mr. President. I'm the president. Yeah, I'm also the president and I have no secret service. I'm just saying you're basically like saying, "I have a good idea. How about you go dunk a basketball? But to do it, you get on my shoulders and then you and then you dunk it from there." And I'm like, "You who would never dunk in your entire life." This is exact. This is a great scenario cuz you could never dunk no matter how hard you try. No, but in this analogy, I can dunk because I I think I've I've gotten nukes. I don't think I don't think you get a nuke unless you cheesed it. What does that mean? Like just camp. Like noob tube rocket launcher camp. Like if you get like a real bonafide like I'm running around gunning. I don't think you get one. Well, there you go. Okay. And our and Mr. President. I'm playing cool. Mr. President, is that not cheesing it more? Yeah, but it's funnier. Okay, that's fair. It's a great idea, Nick. You hate it. No, for the Xbox. I just said it's a great idea. You just feel like you're not being genuine. I just said it's a great idea. Why you saying it like that? Why is your sign slightly changing how you talk when you say it? Why you saying it's a great idea? You have a friend that says it's a great idea. Why don't you say Why don't you say Okay, actually it's a good idea. I actually do like it. Let's do it. Actually, it's a good idea. Oh, you're smiling. You're smiling. You're smiling. I'm being I'm Do you see how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] beaten and battered I am from you? Do you see how I am? Do you see how I am? Do you see how I am? I am. Do you see it? I'm being torn apart and I'm being overanalyzed. Well, that's how my brain works. Like the freestyle mind. Like I'm breaking things down. I'm over analyzing. I'm trying to make things multi-elabic. Basically, any chance that I can think about how that kind of had a nice I think it's a great idea. I'll pencil it in. You're pencled in, dude. He gave a Kelby face. All right, I'll go talk to Christian. We'll pencil it in. Please. And you look at your calendar one day and you'll see uh Xbox 360 summer with Nick. Love it. You love it. Love it. And you're going to show up. Pencil it in. Okay, it's in. Wow. I' I can't wait. Someone or or you can do it with Connor VA. It'll be a nuke race and you guys could race each other. Oh my god. Oh, and you do it without me cuz bigger streamer. Bigger streamer. If he did during Leaguew Week for some reason. That'd be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny. Nuke race is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great idea. You kind of sent him You sent You gave him a layup cuz Conor plays Modern Warfare. Conor can definitely do it, dude. Conor, Conor, I got an ID. He's on a plane. I can't call. He's on his way here. Comes tonight. Let's go fun. Yeah, you should call Conor on a plane and say, "Let's do a nuke race." You should do that. We're going to race to get a bomb. A big bomb. Connor, the first to get a nuke wins. No, in America. Oh, you're flying. Dude, do you do dude? Do you actually think everything I made was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dry and horrible? What do you mean, Master Baker? You're being so mean. Um, yeah. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it bad. You were bragging. You thought you were going to come into this and then you put And then you just put candy on it. Like, that fixes it. You're the one who told me to do that. I told you to make icing, not glaze. I told you to make icing. And then you know what cutie said? She pulled me aside. She was like, "Icing is what he has to do and that's what saves his cookie." Wow. And I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I don't know how to make icing. And then then she said, "But he literally made icing the day before." And I don't know why he's saying that cuz he did it perfectly the day before. Oh, I did? Yeah. You do know how to make the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind. Sugar and butter and uh out of red wine. And I was like, there's no way that's true. Cuz if he made icing the day before, why would he tell me he doesn't know how to make it? Cuz I didn't realize that was icing. I thought that was glaze. Wait, does this mean so you you went you made it to the finals? Were people getting eliminated this time? No, no eliminations this year. Everyone makes it to the final. People went the whole way through. Yes. Which made it a lot more exciting. But it also means that Slime is a better baker than you. I mean, yeah. I survived in a coliseum of cohorts. It makes what Slime did way easier because uh Lily would have been eliminated day two cuz she had the worst dish. Yeah. But she ended up getting second overall. All right, here's my tier list of all the people in Master Baker. Just the the contestants and not as bakers, as people. And my vibes on them. Ready? Please. All right. Number one, Lwig. That's my boy. Day one. Number two, Ary. I like that guy. Good guy. He brings fly over. He brings a great vibe to the room. Uh, I really enjoy his presence. Three. That's a tough one. Three's a tough one. I'm gonna give it to Maya because I've just had a lot more conversations with her because a close fourth is Fooley. Um, and then fifth, we're giving that one to who's left Lily and Jason. Lily. Sixth is Jason. Well, cuz he called you a cheer. He called me a cheer. He I don't think he really wants to learn my name or even tried to learn my name even though we talked so many times. So, I remember that. But he's also 20, so like he has a lot of time in 21. He has time to grow up and so I can't really hold it against him too bad. You could learn and grow and be better and be better. Yeah. And improve and like when he walks in the room and he's having conversations with someone at some point just be like, "Oh, so I didn't catch your name." Um so I won't call you Ed Sheeran. I'll just be like, "What's your name?" And I could be like, "Oh, I'm Nick. We actually met before." And he be like, "Oh, whoops. Totally my bad." It's all good, man. You have a busy day. You meet a lot of people. Um and then Lily. Yeah. Just a horrendous vibe. Just um Lily just like just really just in the room just really feels like she just wants to leave. There's a clip of Lily and she goes, "Yeah, when Jason walks in, he says hi to everyone there, including me." And it makes me feel non invisible, dude. It's so sad. What's going on? I was about to talk some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too, cuz she's in my slam bracket. My Say James slam bracket. I know. I instantly She's in my slam bracket. She's one of the competitors in my slam bracket. Yeah. So, I I instantly said, "So of in my slam brackets, Lily, Syuno, I'm musling now, by the way." But I'm in my slam bracket era. I like that. Right. So, I made sure to correct that instantly. Immediately correct it. It took a bit. It took a bit. Speaking of slamming, bro, can you pull up Are you logged in at Instagram? If not, just pull up uh uh Ed Master Baker. The clip. It should be on LSF of Ed with the Milk. Come on. We got to talk about Ed. You're going to air him out. We're going to air him out if you I didn't see this clip. So, this is actually fun cuz you were like, "The clip's crazy." So, yeah, it might be on YouTube, too. But it just milk Master Baker finale. But anyway, uh Ed Ed friend friend of Mogul events. Ed uh was at Master Baker front row. Dude, can I just say really quick, this is my first time seeing this cuz in the room I was so locked into whatever I was doing. I didn't even notice this happened. So Jason had two half gallon whole milk uh containers cuz he was trying to give milk to everybody with his cookies. They do. And also they do milkshots. It's a thing of face. They like milk shots. And Ed was there and Ed's rocking the same hat he got from streamer games. He was in streamer games. He competed because uh somebody was late. I forget who. Somebody was late and he failed. I think it was E-RO. E-RO was late cuz his plane didn't land. So he filled for E-Rob. And the crowd loved him. And so Ed pops up and he sees me. He goes, "Invite me to stream games." And then Jason's like, "Yo, get some milk." And then this clip happens. You can just play the clip. Got the milk. You're here. I'm still here. He's still here. Okay, this is I I've seen so many of these. It never ends well. Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god. It's so much. There's so much. Dude, he looks like the inside man bank robbers. I didn't encourage that. I don't know him, bro. What a what a weasel, bro. I didn't encourage that. Stand on it. Yeah. And so Ed got a little carried away and there was a there was a tonal shift from let's go to oh no. Dude, do we not all get just swept up in the heat of the moment? Sometimes we get in the passion of life. And I think a lot of people online, you know, specifically the LSF crowd, they can be a little critical. They'll they'll base somebody's entire life off of the clip they see and they go, there's so many people like this, self selfish people. They don't think about the workers in the situation and you know, they they they they tear down Ed and they're mean to him, bro. They're mean. Interesting. But what what they don't talk about is Ed's sweetheart. Yeah. Because it his heart of gold. Let me tell you, it broke me after this. Like 10 minutes passed by. Ed comes over and and everyone's like getting their cookies and he's like one of the last in line and he's and he I thought he was shivering. I thought he was shivering from the milk. I thought I thought he was cold from the milk. I didn't realize I was crying, bro. Yeah, I had been crying for 10. I see what you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do. And he goes and he I'm just so sorry. Like I just got swept up in the moment and he apologized to everybody. Shook everybody's hand. And I'm telling Ed right now, Ed, you're getting streamer games, bro. We're putting you in somehow. I don't know how yet. Ref. All right. Well, we're going to create the milk challenge category, dude. And everyone has to has to get milk. The milk sponsored by Ed the Ed and sponsored by Got Milk, which I think is a company. Yo, Department of Agriculture is what it is. The Ed Milk Mile. We're going to chef this up. But Ed, I want streamer games. Uh, I posted in my Instagram story. We'll post this alongside I I don't know Zipper's logged into Instagram. I'll just pull up my story though. It's an insane picture. We should do like We should do like the RFK raw milk. That is a crazy picture. Can Can Zipper, can you look look up inside man Clive Owen? I need to dude I need to find I was looking for it before the podcast. There's a picture there's a free frame three frame photo of Dr. Doodle Slam doing this at his desk in in college but just with milk just on a webcam. Yeah, that's fire. It broke my heart seeing Ed cry though. Awesome. Yeah. To the right. Uh that one. So yeah, he just gets a bunch of people to look like this in a bank robbery and that's what that reminded me of. This is pretty useless thing to bring up and makes no sense. And now we will carry on. Well, uh you know what cutie said to me? Huh? Uh she said after Master Baker, cuz she's been kind of mean to me all week. Yeah. She's been trying to not show bias. And I think the way she figures out how to do that is by being mean. Mhm. And uh she's that's we call a word for that in the home country. Uh sundere. She was sundere. She's very sundere. And at the end she goes but cuz my asked my I said what was the best thing? And she said well the best thing I've ever had a master baker was love donuts. Oh my god. Yeah. She probably wasn't counting my ice cream cuz that was for sure the best one. No. Get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Loser. Loser. Loser. I can't even push back on that for me. I made the best thing ever. I really think that this is like eraser. I because I think that I I really did beat people, you know, in a competition, but when everyone gets a free walk, everyone gets to play modern. Dude, it's you're acting like it's easier to compete against less people. Uh, my argument has fallen apart immensely and immediately. Lily got second. She would have been eliminated. Yeah, exactly. You win. Okay. Yeah. It didn't register for you. Okay. So, I don't want to say anything else. No, I think you're right. Can we get I I just want one thing this year. One thing. You don't think anything else? Can we get Justin Bieber on the podcast? He's been on his thing, bro. He's obsessed with Justin Bieber right now. I'm obsessed with him. I just think he is awesome, which I also don't think is true. Whoa. Okay. Yeah, we can get be around for sure. Can we not at this year angle, but yeah, easily. You think? Easily. Yeah. How many more years of the podcast? Uh, we're going to go at least. When's When When's Sweden joining NATO? They already did. They already did. Never mind. Seven and a half months. No, wait. It was longer than that. At least I said at least. So, the floor of how long this show lasts is seven and a half months. And after that, in your head, it's possible it ends. Here's what the people don't realize at home. The D and D is actually our finale. When it comes out, that's when it's ending. So, you want this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to be delayed, bro. Every month it doesn't come out means the pod lasts another month. That's kind of beautiful. Maybe Nick's holding us hostage with that. Maybe he knows that D and D is so good that the pod can't ever top it. I actually thought I actually thought it was horrible until Slime watched it and he spent an hour and a half laughing. I did. I watched He had very good notes. He said it was way faster paced. You haven't been reviewing the episodes where I mean because we have so much time we can just tinker with it now. It's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I'll watch episode two. It was great. They fixed it. Yeah. Uh, it's a labu summer. Can you for a for a Can you just explain? Just get your girl a lab boo. Don't think about it. Get It's like a sunny angel. I want to make a I want to make a yard labu. Uh, anti-zipper one and the mouth is zippered closed. That'd be hype. It would be so hype. This is a labu. It's made by PopMart. Uh, it's basically blind boxes. And then I don't think I don't think you understand slime. If we somehow someway got Laboo to do a collaboration where we made one. Actually, I was kind of kidding. But if we somehow we would make so much money. It would be the most money we would make. We would never sell anything more than that. We make So he's he's wrong about this. No, I'm not. He's I'm so the truth because we have a lot of women yard fans. Dude, the guys too. Alex was obsessed with Laboo. I'm telling you, we wouldn't sell that because their leverage of the relationship is because the Lubu brand is what would sell. So our margins would be peanuts. Let us brand. We get we get a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. As long as you think we sell a lot. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Of course. You're right. You're right. But like like dead ass third Rich Le Boooos would sell out. Do you think so? Yes, I do. And I'm boooo. That's No. And I'm against them. I think you'd be wrong. You think you'd be wrong? You would. You're against them doing the I would be there. I'd be like mine mine. Boooo sells out. Flying boo boo sells out day one. It doesn't Oh, you know what it does? Because people drop the cancellation only by the drop shippers. They know. Yeah. People know it's going to get cancelceled. So then it becomes rare and then it's because it's like you don't put in the display case. The only one that you display facing the other way. Yeah. But let me tell you, the next Loos wouldn't sell well. No. The drop after that would do bad. No, the next one would sell like crazy. They'd be like, "Oh, they returned to form." People wouldn't cheer for that. That's like why Beanie Babies tanked, right? Because they had a Hitler beanie baby. Yeah. Well, what was he? Just a collection of animals with a mustache. Yeah. Was he a sto? What is he? They had the bear mustache. Do you guys have Beanie Babies growing up? So many. Yeah. My mom collected the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Beanie Babies. We had buckets of them. I think I remember this or I think I've told this before. I got my mom a bean. Like I saved up my money and I got her one and me one and I got her a snake cuz I thought it was really cute. And she's like, "Why'd you give me a snake?" She like she like thought didn't like snakes. You should have gotten the bear. Yeah. And she was like, I she was like kind of confused. She's like, "You, she would like the bear." And I'm like, "Okay, you're right. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." Uh, but yeah, boooos are basically like Beanie Babies or Pokemon cards or CS GO boxes. Sure. But some of those things are everyone can enjoy and some of those things are for the boys. Who can Wait, what? Sorry. What I'm saying is there's a demographic that CS:GO cases uh probably skews heavily male, but the demos are relevant from the joy and the feeling it gets when you open it. So it's like, yeah, it hits a different demo, but it's the same idea. Okay, I believe you. I mean, if it's a if it's a blind box, you in you said blind box. I instantly was like, oh, it's gambling. Blind box. Yeah. Yeah. CS:GO knives might attract men who like saying slurs more. I mean, 100% certainly. That's why Leslie was on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And and yeah, and Laboos might attract women. Maya was trying to ask me what's the difference between Call of Duty and Counterstrike um the other day and I and I found my explanation which was Call of Duty is for guys who grew up saying slurs because that was their environment and Counterstrike is for people who learned to say slurs through video games molded by it. Yeah. Yeah. You know it's funny you were also Maya and Nick were just talking. We were like waiting for food and I just and I was like um like looking at my phone. is kind of waiting around. And then I hear him just go, "So, do you know about plants, too?" And then she's just like, "Yeah." Which I thought was a surprising answer. That's a good And I I heard this and I was like, I think that's a fair question. That's a very fair question. Well, I think it's it's related, right? No, plants are different. Yeah, but there's like I think the carnivorous plant Whoa. like rabbit hole gets you in. No, that gets you in. I think you just have to learn about plants alongside animals. Wait, no. What's the line? Because if I go up to Maya, if I It's not a stupid question. If I go up to Maya and I'm like, "So, do you know about rocks?" The Well, the line is what does she feed her animals? Beetles and what is the habitat she has to create for them? Bele enclosure. And then you have to learn about plants. You think there's no rocks in the habitats that she I feel like rocks is more free form. Like I feel like if you throw a volcanic rock, the fox isn't going to kill itself. But if you don't have like the counties to graze on, it will die. Yeah. But it's not Alveas is a full beetle diet sanctuary. That's what people It's on the website. People don't talk about the employees eat the beetles, too. Yeah. The employees have to eat the beetles. She feeds her employees. That's why it's in Texas. Yeah. Yeah. It's beetle. It's beetle at Nou. She brought out a box of beetles that she brought from home to just pick. I got stopped on the street the other day. I was walking and it was this like girl and she had a iPad and she was just like, "Hey, uh, we're killing a lot of beets. can I tell you about it? And I was like, "Yeah, I run it." And then we talked for like a very long time and she explained, you know, actually then I got an email, you know, there's like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pesticide that can kill 80,000 bees on one seed. You put it on one like popcorn kernel size seed, it kills 8,000 bees. Isn't that crazy? Are you being radicalized by people in the street? Kind of like if you and I was just like there's no way. Did she ask if you wanted to go to Shen Yun after? Wait, just because when J6 for bees happens, Nick is think about that. One seat, 80,000. Nick, what you're spitting is right. We are killing the bees and the bees. The bees have been at risk. They've been coming back. You guys are dumb. Bees were gone. And they're If you are a passive bee enjoyer who saw a headline that bees are coming back and then said, "Oh, I won't care anymore." That's not true. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I grew up when bees were I'm friends with black. It was cold today. It was cold today. Why is it global warming? That's dead ass's argument. You guys weren't even alive when I was playing with bees and scared of them in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We weren't alive for the first 20 years. You want me to accept your anecdotal evidence from 50 years ago? I'm not even Stop adding years. I'm not hearing people say the nword anymore. So, I don't know how this around. I'm not hearing it in my conversation a little bit. I see bees and I've noticed I see them come back cuz they were gone and then they came back and I'm seeing this with my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eyebrows. They were gone but they were around when you were young. Oh, let me explain. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suckers. When I was young, bees everywhere and monarch butterflies. When I got older, bees disappeared. So did the monarch butterflies. That's a different [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So did white dog poop. But you're not ready for that conversation. It did fall off. And then later on, later in my life, in these past twilight years, if you want to call them that, the bees have been back. But the thing is, you have to keep putting in the effort that brought back the bees or they'll go away again. And maybe one day they'll go away and they'll never come back. M you don't think about that. We got to make another bee movie. I think that was part of the company helped a lot. That's actually a big part of Faze FaZe Bank save the bees. Yeah. Um like dead ass like no cap. I know I know a bee might like turn around one day like a fake like a phony and sting your ass, but like I'm telling you like have you ever looked at a flower and and think that shit's kind of important? Like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like we got to save these bees. No. Like no cap. phase up. Pays up for the bees. And then it's it's dollar sign. Yeah. And then it's like here. Check this. Logs into MetaMask. This is how many Bcoins I've got right now. And I'm selling I'm sell I'm giving them to you. Mhm. There's a when we were in Japan, I sent this to Nick when I made like the the the vlog of us all hanging out when Yingling. Uh, but there's this like the thing I didn't put in because the audio is kind of bad, but I'm filming Aiden while we're waiting for Lwe to come for the podcast and he's like he has did he has his laptop and he's just in a field where we shot it and I'm like what are you doing there? And he just goes into this bit where he's doing like a commercial for MetaMask and he's like I was like how's the crypto doing? He's like it's tanking bro but at least I can check. and he turns to the camera and he's like iPhone with MetaMask I can look at my crypto anytime anywhere or something like that. And it's to this day I think top five Aiden bits of all time that don't include I think if we filmed the yard with iPhones Aiden would be 10 times funnier. Yeah, he it's it's a very interesting pocket dimension that you you're very powerful in. But then I I think I just access something different. You know, it's his love of Apple and Apple products. Oh, and he's like, I do it for Steve. Yeah, cuz he's all this Sony, all this Japanese technology. God, disgust him. We have to remember him. I can't I can't like enunciate on how he how well he nailed the cadence and I think about it a lot. You don't know. I think about that, but I think about that. I like that you think about it. So, I like that people quote Quincy Boys still. That's what I like. People quote Quincy Boys. I've been trying to think of I I basically just started saying Xbox 360 Summer and then turns out I think like a thousand people have went out and bought them. Dude, it's so many. It's a lot of people and now I'm just like I never really figured out what it meant. Well, I think you got to set up nights. What should you I think we got to set up nights or something. I'm saying we cuz I I think Well, every other Friday's PSL, every other Friday you do a online sesh. Whoa. Yeah, you should just stream the Modern Warfare or whatever and like be like, "All right, everyone get on." Whoa, it's Friday night. This actually I think this is the wave because that's this is how Mario Karts community does it is like you just set times for people to queue at basically and it works. It wakes it works way better than like 12 people would post to like try and gather for a lobby and then it gathers when 12 people finally say yes. If you schedule out set times, people just pop in at the set time. You just get everyone on the Discord or whatever Discord. You say get on this time. Today is Modern Warfare 2. You have to use [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Modern Warfare Tuesdays. There you go. You have to use some LMG first to get a nuke. Post it in the Discord. Whoa. It would happen so fast. You think? Yes. Happens fast. Wait, you could do a duo. What if What if we Oh, it would never work. I was thinking you could do you could get everybody to duo. Like somebody has to be on riot shield and then somebody has to be trying to get the challenger. But if everybody has a riot shield duo, nobody's going to hit 25. It's going to be really hard. Also, if you're in a lobby of all people all trying to nuke, almost never you'll never get one. Like, it's like really hard to ever get one. There's all this cheese. Like, like one thing you can do in in Modern Warfare 2 or in a lot of CODs is you get killed if someone has if someone gets to chopper gunner, which is like you're almost at a nuke basically, and you get killed by it, you can watch the kill cam and see where they are on the map. So then you can just go there and kill them cuz they're in chopper gunner and they can't. You just can't use chopper gunner. You just like have to try to do it without chopper gunner basically or get so many kills so fast in the chopper gunner while someone protects you that they can't get while your riot shield encloses. Exactly. Yeah. Growing up playing Call of Duty and stuff just like casually but a lot. I only ever saw one nuke. That's wild. Dude, your MMR must have been It's probably terrible. It was crazy. It was high. I still remember it. I don't think they had skill based matchmaking to be honest. No, I don't I don't think there was any. I think you get into lobbies with people who are level one all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I was really I remember the first time it happened I was like, "Oh, I guess the game's over." It was and I think I have like only time I I think I have like 30 or 40. It's not 100. That's true. It's not 100, dude. Race to 100 nukes. God, that would suck cuz then people would also know you're trying to do it and they'd get in. They'd find you on stream and kill you. Got to fight the demons. Call to action. Most of the people online are going to be the Xbox 360 summer people. Yeah, true. We will it will not be hard to find a lobby. But it's funny cuz some people are like, "Ah, I got my Xbox 360, but like I can't get any lobbies in Morocco right now." And I'm like, "You probably should have read the room." It is more of a set piece. I'm surprised we even figured out where to get an Xbox to be honest. I uh this this is kind of a cool thing I've noticed recently because this happened with the Xbox call to action and we started a book club at Lemonade Stand and we the book we picked for the first month it was out at a bunch of bookstores and on back order during the month because so many people were buying it. Whoa. Yeah, that's really sick. And they Planet Money also talked about that book. Planet Money at the same time. No, just like yesterday. Oh, I don't it could have been from it or unrelated. Yeah, but either way, I think it's like, oh, I have a little bit of impact in the world. Oh, but with uh with Leaguew Week, who's playing support? Who's the top? I'm going to start ADC. My plan day one. So, wait, your last hitting? I thought you guys were in the same lane. Yeah. So, he's support. Yeah, dude. When do you like how many games how many times would you have to fail to switch or are you gonna play any other rules? How many times would I fall before you stop getting back up again? I guess I never would stop getting back up. I guess how long am I going to live? You just probably have to ask. And this analogy it would be like, you know, every time I fall off the horse, I eventually get up and get on an ATV. Like I I You're going to do something else eventually. No. No. Well, okay. Hold on. What's the goal? 10 wins in a row. Oh, I'm so stupid. You talked about that cuz I was like, they're already plat. Uh, I think putting Connor on support isn't really using him to the best of his abilities. And putting me on support is I got an idea. Why don't you I'm Conor's not. Same same challenge. You throw him in there. You get him in the stack. Put me on top lane and you put him in top. We only I I I would baby you guys in I'd be jungle. I'd baby you guys. Wig, you don't have to do a face. You don't have to Wigg. I would baby your lane. What about top lane go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] itself. Sorry. Get him in mid. Get Nick in mid. The Lux. Do you have I I played like three games this week. My first time on since the the only split I played. And I now all I do is I message a friend and I say, "Let's go bot lane and let me be your support." I love it. I think I love playing support. I think what I'm going to do, so we have two wheels based off of our like op.gg. So if we place high, then we get to spin good wheel. And if we place low, we have to spin bad. What's an example of good? Is it like oh cookie treat or something to make the game easier? Good wheel could be like the really good one is next loss doesn't count. Oh, that's buffers. And guys, while you're at it, twitch.tv/falco, just get the spin the wheel emote cuz you're going to want to use it. And we're spinning the wheel. You're going to want you're going to want to use it while they're spinning that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And well, Bad Wheel could be Flex Q with Nick and Slime for a game. Yeah, that would be so fun. That's an amazing idea. Good wheel is like Flex Q with like Good Wheel. Flex Q with Aiden Jacks at top. I was thinking like Lily or someone good. Tell me that match won't be easy because you're going to get lower ELO. Well, we're going to be low elo. We have fresh accounts. Oh, although you're not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] helping me. Oh, I'll do I'll do it today. I promise. I'll do it today. I So I have two fresh accounts from Riot. Oh, so I'm not Riot game help you also break. Wait, aren't you gonna win 10 easily? Huh? Aren't you just going to win 10 easily on a fresh account? No, cuz we're ass. Like I'm I'm I'm ass. Yeah, but if you're going to play against bronzes, you should just win. No, I'm bronze, Nick. ADC. I'm like easily bronze. Oh, in the roll cuz you're not jungle. Sorry. Yeah, if I was jungle, like I can get a good wheel spin to off roll and then that game will be easy. I had a last hit. But even like, you know, 10 in a row is just hard. So like even a plat smurf playing on a bronze account might just lose one. Plat smurf is such a funny thing to say. Yeah, it is. It's not that high. Yeah. But that's what I'm saying. Like a plat a 5'11 guy smurfing in five six lobby. Well, even that though, you don't win 10 in a row necessarily. 10. Sometimes they snarl and gang up on you. Yeah. Five, six. Or you're going against another smurf or someone ins. But uh but yeah, Riot gave us two accounts and I can name him anything I want. And I was like just stun locked of what to name it. And I asked Nick. Wait, Nick gave you bangers? He's got nothing. No, I gave him banners. Nick gave you person. Yeah, dude. That there was a couple haters. But nothing was solidified. It was like ideas, dude. Duo partner duo accounts and it's hung at Wispa, small at Wispa. That's good. And it's a who is who. Yeah, they get to pick themselves. the names. I already name I just um Thick and Married 19. That was a good user name. There's only one. Um Thick and Married 19 and Thick and Married 20. Well, no, hers would have to be like I don't know. I thought But you didn't say they had to be for both of you. You just said give me a list of usernames. Um so I'll look I'll go home. I already have it typed out. I'll click send. I can't believe you're about to step on him, man. But I gave him some good ones. Yeah, I was sitting down with you two for like 10 seconds and he gave you good ones. I like to push him. Is that wrong? No, I No, it's fair. It's fair cuz later cuz Void said to me, "You're put in a room with a hundred people and you have to pick the competition that you all engage in and you have to win. What do you pick?" And I said, "Creating funny usernames." Nick at night lucid dreaming just thinking of funny names, laughing himself awake. Yeah, that's your I still see Thick and Married in my room. Waking up. Anyway, you all have to get your girls a blind box labu. Okay. I'm not getting her a liaboo. Man, my girlfriend wouldn't like it. That's crazy. She would like it cuz I got it for her. That's crazy. I'm I already sleep with a Sunny Angel. And you want me to get a Laboo? Some say I've been sleeping with a Sunny Angel my whole life? And here's the thing that confuses me cuz she's not a baby. She's Leslie. Just be clear, she's not a naked baby. She's a naked baby. Leslie will come in and you'll give her $200. I didn't give Leslie $200. gets $200. Go buy it a blind box for your girl. $200. That's confusing to me. I make it make sense. That's your That's your booar. My That's the girl I buy the boomers for, but it's not my girlfriend. I'm saying do that this week. I don't think she would care. I'm curious. Can I just say I have to get something up. I just can Why do you unzip your sweatpants? I don't like it. Oh god. I I just It looks weird. Sometimes we're all a little Are you taking off your soccer shoes? Sometimes we're all a little a word. Are you Are you taking off your cleats? I'm sorry. Nick's hella a word. I'm sorry. This offended your sentence. I'm sorry. This overloaded you in some sort of way. And uh Well, now Well, now we're going to overload you with juicy content and it's going to be in the Patreon, y'all. So, if you go over to patreon.com/theart, you can listen to see you guys there. We're going to see you there soon. Imagine love in a room with show. I think you'd be short. You go, "Hey, how you doing?" No, I wouldn't. I wouldn't do that. You do the love thing. You meet the famous person. Hey, Lewig. Lewig. Yeah. I would go I would go. Oh my god. Yeah. You would Dude, that that's the actual question in Lewig's mind and only he will ever know this cuz if you ask him it's it's a fake answer. Does he try to speak Japanese? Yes, of course. It's not this is why it's not about No, first he goes obviously. Mercy goes I actually