 But he just kept talking about Lacy as if he was like Kim Jong-un. Like like [Music] don't do it to him. Yeah. Okay. Wait. You wish for a big orgasm? Well, don't like test me on it, but yeah, that's what I wish for. I mean, I can make it. We can make that happen for you right now. We've been working on a device, dude. Nick. Okay. Well, I hate when he says it that way. What What could this possibly lead into outside? What now, bro? She's so dude, give Nick a hug. And then and then Lwig starts walking over to him going cuz I listen to mothers. And then Nick immediately like, "No, stop. You can't tell my friends to give me a hug." And then like that looks that looks really my mom is fighting my battles for me, bro. I want more hugs from my friends. They don't want to give them to me. I don't know why. I go think about that in my free time. I go, "Is this reflective of my time on earth? Is it reflective of how my friends secretly look at me? Are they closer to each other? Are they closer not closer to?" And then my mom's like, "You got to hug him." And I'm like, "No." But you know what she said? You can't do that, Mom. But you said you can't do that. But you then she said, "I did it when he was six." And I don't even know what she meant by that. That means she paid your friends to hug you. losing you loser bastard. She probably went to your friends after a sleepover and said, "H, all right, hug Nick now." They hadn't even dropped that many friends yet at that point. The very few that you had, she was forcing to hug you. That is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. My whole life sucks. Aiden, you're on Slack, right? You have to be on Slack. Tell me you're on Slack, Aiden. No, tell Reddit. Tell me you're not on the subreddit. Yeah, maybe Archie. Maybe you can't be on the subreddit. Use your voice now. This is your time. Fine. This is your fault. It's not my fault. It is your fault. I've never done that. You've never done that. Also, what do you think? Why would you say what you said? You know exactly what's going to happen. We had me and Aiden had a beautiful moment before the pod. We're just joking around. We're goofing and we're gaffing. And then Slime walks over, goes, "Don't look at the subreddit. Don't look at the subreddit, Aiden. Don't look at the sub." And then Aiden's browsing the subredd. He's like, "No, don't look at it. Don't look at it." And then the top post, one of you guys have heard have hurt my friend today. You made a post something to the effect of Aiden's not that good at basketball. Hey, which is cringe. No, it's it's not Aiden isn't good at him that way. If the post is Aiden is surprisingly bad, it's just like so me. I I'm just mad about the whole thing. I Yeah, about the event. I'm salty because I didn't play well. I think I played pretty bad even for me. I think especially in the first game and I was frustrated because of the team we were playing against and uh I I understand why they changed their team and they were good and they deserve to go to the finals and I wish I just played better and we won but I was sad that we lost because they added in somebody last minute who drastically changed their team and well I mean you're not wrong to be salty because the seedings were set that one person from each group, the two groups of three. Yeah. That one person from each group wouldn't advance and presumably you'd have the strongest seat in one group and the second strongest seat in another group. The top two teams were both from our group. Like the finals was the two people we played against. Now, why'd you do that, Lwig? And why'd you get your pants from the Green Hill Zone? Okay, it's two-part question. Should I answer? Okay, second part first. And why the hell is Extra Emily walking around like a Nazi zombie? Dude, it's crazy. Why the hell does she do that in basketball like doing this? I I told she does do that. She came up to me on stream and she's like, "Hi, Slime." And I was like, "It's so good to see you. You should move your arms when you run." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We should use the all joints. I asked her, I was like, "What's your plan out there?" She's like, "I have a great plan." I was like, "Are you going to just foul someone?" She's like, "No." And then she went and fouled someone every time. And I was like, "Feel like you don't know what a foul is." Anyway, I got them from the Green Hills on uh She was chasing around FaZe Lacy on the court. I think I saw him blush. Oh. Uhoh. He did get hugged. It was like a It was like a girl chasing you on the playground. Yeah. Yeah. Don't catch me. Wait, stop it, Emily. And then he swatted the ball out of her hands and shot the game-winning three. Yeah, that was lit. I Oh my, I can't believe they gave back. I can't believe they gave unfortunate. All right, so why was it why is it so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up? So, it was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up because Ell was one of my six captains. All right, I got five captains and they all just I was like, "Hey, get four people on your team." And I explain kind of the the level of skill, you know, and Alam's play ball with us. So I I tell him it's like, "Hey, this is this is what's, you know, the expectation. It's not like really pro players, but it's like, you know, people who kind of do weekly runs." And he goes, "Okay." Comes back to me a week later. He's like, "I got my team like awesome." He's like, "I got Foolie and Syuno." And I coincidentally had played against Foolian basketball for the first time in her life that week. Like actually her first time ever. And uh and Syuno had never played. No. Never played the game. What? So I'm like, "This is an interesting squad you've assembled." Okay, let me real quick. Ellen's got to stop getting invited to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] any sort of tournaments ever. This is the second thing in a row he's torpedoed and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. What's the first Jam Slam? Oh, I I don't know about this. It's beef. It's beef, bro. Oh, he he joined the SJAM slam, didn't practice, played like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was late to his games cuz he was getting a haircut sponsored by Lexus from Foolsley. He was he was literally Everyone was annoyed at him. I He's I think he's a fine guy. He's fine. He didn't torp He didn't torpedo. You You get a white boy with a little necklace in the spotlight, you think he's not getting a haircut. Can I What do you What do you want from him? He's got He's just saying. And also, there's a there's a parallel here, Aiden, with you and me. Put the sunglasses on. Put them down. Wait, Dr. Eggman, let's go. There's a parallel here because I recently played in uh I played pretty bad in the stage slam and it really hurt and I get it and I practice really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard and feel like it wasn't representative of my skill and everyone saw it and I was like, damn. But you don't understand Aiden. Like Aiden wouldn't receive joy if somebody posted slime surprisingly bad at Street Fighter for how much he talks about. Aiden wouldn't be like yes. No, he'd be in that thread arguing with them probably. Yes. But you would maybe get a little joy. No, no, no, no, no, no. I think I I think I get the joy from being on my friend's side and being like, "Listen, listen, fuckers." Okay, I'm going to challenge this. Then why did you say don't look at the subreddit? Cuz you got a little joy. I think it's because he doesn't care about basketball. So this is a moment of suffering for Aiden. That is a little entertaining cuz he's a sports ball guy. If this was melee, he wouldn't have done that. No, I guess not. But I also think that none like it's it's rich that a bunch of people in a subreddit are talking about Aiden's athleticism. You know what I mean? Well, it's also annoying because it's just a dumb post. It's a dumb post. We've seen some of the people in the subreddit, but those aren't the probably aren't the ones chirping. I know. It could be like that, you know, that picture of the really buff guys helping the little kid out. I don't know what that would suck. Yeah, it's just LeBron, but you know what? They're not agile. This is what it said. It's Aiden is surprisingly bad. I assumed Aiden was like good at basketball. Turns out he and apparently everyone else that plays basketball with them bar Ryan and Trevor are just not good. Like they just forget to move their feet and stuff. And I find that so funny for some reason. Isn't that insane to say? Like don't get me like don't get me wrong, they clearly play, but you can tell something just doesn't click. Like insane from shot selection to switching off screens or even just grabbing boards. Something seriously just doesn't get there. The event was amazing though and the energy they all brought was elite. Slime funny funny as hell. Lwig was electric. Wait, no idea. Lwig Lwig was electric. Aiden was getting a little rowdy. Stans made Lady almost cry and Aiden was nowhere to be found. Truly an amazing event. It's like also I went back and watched uh the the second game cuz I I knew I played I played so bad the first game because I was because I was frustrated. I was like, I just played so bad and I I got I let myself get mad and we we started coming back too late and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a bunch of stuff up. And then the second game I watched cuz in the phase game I played really hard and I was like I feel like I actually played pretty good and I was like guarding Matcha who's amazing and Macho Macho was like MVP. It was insane. And uh I thought Adapt was MVP. He was not I watched the whole game. I probably I watched from him phenomenal. He was phenomenal. Dash was good, but Macho was the best play. Like Macho or Ryan was probably the best player, right? And I was I was like, "Dude, a lot of the plays like I I felt like I played good defense. Like he made some like really hard shots." Uh and I went back and watched it and I was like, "Yeah, I played fine in the Fez game." Like I made I made baskets. I made a three. Like I played good defense and then uh I just got, you know, he made really hard baskets over me. I mean, he did go crazy over and over again. And then I also subbed out half of that game. Yeah. So, so then you don't get even seen. So then it's like the perception is like people only see like, "Oh god, this guy just like clowned Aiden," which wasn't true. And then you're not in the game, so you can't even like do anything about it. So get dumpstered though. There's like a very strong sense of justice here of like he's like, "Well, only Ryan and Trevor are good." Trevor scored zero points in the first game he played. And it's funny cuz Trevor's also one of the best people in our group. So he he played awful that first game and then played amazing the rest of the tournament. I don't agree with that. I think he played really good his first game or sorry really bad his first game, good his second game and then bad his third game. But he had a good game. Yeah, he had kind of all Yeah, you have your moment. But that's how basketball on Sundays works. Like I think Adam on it was funny cuz on Greek and Wig's team I think Adam is probably their best overall player. But in the tournament, in the span of these few games, Adam didn't play that great. But week in week out, right, Adam is one of the best people we play with. You know what's crazy? And and it's just this and it's the audacity that this Redditor, it's like I don't I didn't want your opinion and you title it about me. I know. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Why don't if you wrote this post, why don't you fly out and come play with us every week? How about I if you want to come play with us? If you want to come play with us a good idea. No, no, no. This is good. I will actually offer this. You, the Redditor who wrote this post, if you want to fly out to LA and play with us two weeks in a row, I will pay for your flight if you come here and you play basketball with us. Stefan Castle and and dude, we a win-win situation cuz if he's like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] college or pro basketball player, then he's amazing. What am I doing? Losing facing potentially the biggest L of your career in a or one of the biggest W's or the biggest W. But it's a highrisisk. Oh my god, if this guy's 66 and plays basketball and is just annoying, then he's great. then he backs it up. But you know, there's no shame in losing to somebody who's 66 and plays basketball stands on an alt account. Well, I think that what what I I share your frustration is cuz this happens to me, I would say, a lot more uh when people are mad at me or making fun of me or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me is they'll say something that is like kind of true in a way. It's like, yeah, you didn't look good when you played. All right, fine. But then they'll like make it this whole story and it's like and we're talking like our small time [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like Lwig's right here. It's like the like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but and it sucks cuz it's just like oh come on and then you feel this need to defend yourself and then you're already defending yourself and then you feel like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot and it's cringe. I mean I replied to him. I just told him how I felt which was like don't you think this is insanely mean to say? Like what do you how do you think I feel reading this? Yeah. Uh Aiden Aiden you're rich now. You're richer than I'll ever be probably. Can I be your PR guy? I think if you give me like a 100K a year I'll be your PR guy. I'll tell you I'll tell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything to say. Nick, as as maybe questionably the best PR guy here, you I think so. In my 30s. Yeah, with none of the mistakes from my 20s following me. Yeah, the tan and fake teeth. Yeah, I'm getting veneers. I'm doing plugs cuz it's going down here now. Yeah, you're getting it. You want to get rid of that for I want to give shade on my eyes. Yes, I want to have a nice hairline. Uh I think it's fine to reply to this. No, replying is fine. I think it's it's almost beast mode, but I think don't be mean to me is is the wrong choice. I think it's fine because this person I I think it's different because this person I don't think I I don't brag about how good I am at basketball. I just go and play. I'm like an allight basketball player. The most I say is that I'm better than Lewick, which is true. That is bragging. I I I believe you. I think you're telling the truth, but you also that is technically bragging in a way to these guys. Okay. Is that It's like saying it's like I'm I'm gold in basketball and he's silver. Like it's like I know but they they don't play so here. I'm not trying to hurt you today. You know I came in with a positive disposition. Yeah. Dropped nine. Boom. Oh, I dropped nine. Splash. Goose neck. Goose neck. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] More than everybody on my team combined. Yeah. Oo. Lot of wigs. Anyone notice that the court was three points lighter without me on it? Anyone else? That isn't true. Yeah, the court was three points lighter when I was I was on it. Mhm. No, it was uh me. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My bad. It's all good. Um, you know what was funny you said about Adam is that I I was casting with Nut and uh and Chris, who's great, by the way. That guy's awesome. Chris Yeah, he was good. He's real cool. And I thought he'd be a really good trio. I didn't get to listen to it. It was pretty good. I think there was some stumbling cuz like in the beginning, but we kind of found our rhythm, but it was really funny. And then uh Chris, he saw Adam do some move and he his eyes grew wide. He was like, "Yo, that's real shit." And I'm like, "Yeah, it was cool watching him react to what was like impressive or what wasn't." And then it'd be like, "Chris, what's a fowl?" And then he described it. I did like the lineup of you, Nut, and then Chris who like one guy who actually knows what's going on. Yeah. And Nut and was in a suit. He was dressed like young Obama. You throw your mouth. You want to throw open your mouth a little bit? I I arrived to this event a little bit late. I uh I pull up. I see point crow and he's like he looks great. He's not breaking. There's no sweat. He's drinking a Red Bull. He's having these he's laughing. He's talking to people. I'm like, "Hey." And he's like, "Yo, what's up?" And I'm like, "Oh, have you played yet?" And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, I've already played two games." And I'm like, "You already played two games?" Like, "How' they go?" He's like, "Oh, we won. I don't even have to play either." And I was like, "Wait, what do you mean? Team point team point. You don't have to play." He's like, "Yeah, yeah. I have like really good teammates and they just go play and I just kind of sit on the bench." Okay. He did play. I was like, "What?" So, it was they had a literal game plan. So he goes in, starts, his team goes down 05. There's an AT&amp;T power play which adds one point to every shot. He subs out. His team went on like a 150 run. Like yeah, when he was it was there was a key change that they made, but he knew it and he owned it. Well, he was also wearing a visor. What the hell is that about? I don't know, man. I don't know. And he visor indoors was pretty sick. And he runs like Smeaggel. All right. And he's got that fat ass. But I have to give it to him. His ass is fatter than mine. Eric, your ass is fatter than mine. And you played better. Your team was better than mine team. I got to give it to you. And he's got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] huge biceps. They got a second. Uh yeah, but they outplaced us, right? I'd have to eat that. Yeah, I've made fun of the placements on rankings guy in Melee. Oh yeah, that's all that matters. Um who's that guy who did those tweets after every tournament? After every tour melee tournament. Yeah, it was like the unsuffable tweets being like now first place is pit squeak the the best melee players are this and it's the top eight ranking and it's not even close. Oh yeah. God damn, what a bad bit. So yeah, it's a problem when you do a bit and that's everyone's reaction when they remember it. Well, maybe it's memorable though. I mean, we're talking about it now, so I guess the bill works. Maybe it's like it's like losing a It's like losing a Wana and Mango for 13th. Yeah, exactly. Uh or it's like when Bananas when was in that one summit and I think he lost the first and second to get like seven. Yeah. People kept coming up to me at the event when I was walking around like uh like people we know and they'd be like hey how come you haven't been at basketball recently and I'm like I would I would say the same thing to every person. I'm like oh no they sorry they were saying why aren't you in the event and I'd be like I yeah cuz I suck at basketball. And then they'd be like no no you don't. And I'm like why are you all doing this? Just don't ask me the question. Just don't. Dude, I was in Discord last night. It was uh it was like Alex and some other guys and he's like he's like, "Yeah, I'm I'm flying Eric out for Habibi's wedding." And I'm like, "Oh, that's cool. PB is getting married or whatever." And then Alex was like, "Yeah, you can come too if you want." And I was like, "Hey, Alex, brother man, if you have to say if you want, you should probably just shouldn't ask if I if anyone wants to." He invited me to the wedding itself. And Habibi didn't. He was like, "You should go to Habibi's wedding in Dubai." And I'm like, I don't think I'm invited. He's throwing out invitations to another man's wedding. Such a faux paw. I know it's different in Dubai, but that is a faux paw. No, imagine showing up on that and be like, "No, he said he literally said someone told me." He was like, "No, he'd be cool with it. You just show up and they'd be like, "No, I was here for the esports world co." By the way, just to clear something up, I wasn't trying to like twist a dagger or anything. I just thought what they were saying was so dumb that you might find a joy in that even though obviously it's like it hurts cuz they're being mean. But I I genuinely am on your side because I know how much you play basketball and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care about it and you win smash camp every year and and basically it's like a little smash basketball. I looked at this more of like a look at these guys and how wrong they are about something they don't know about. And so but I'm on your side. I mean, it's sad cuz we we just I think genuinely we even though we like even playing bad in the first one, we could have won both of the games. Like they were both like we for sure could have won both the games. Yeah. I I think we didn't have enough offensive production. And then I was also hurt. Not to throw out a John. Here we go. You hurt? I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. My rib remember the the one v ones we did like Thursday and then Adam hit me in the chest. Love it. I inflamed that, bro. Another rib issue. Wait. Yeah, my last one was like five years ago. Your last one was like eight years ago and you never got it looked at and now you have another one. Yeah, but is it rel the same spot? Yeah, same side. Go to the damn doctor. You don't need I did after the first one to be clear. Okay. And they said what? They said, "Oh, yeah. It's fractured." Which is just You got to And then do you know you do, Nick? Yeah. You wait. You wait. Well, not you. You're rich. You could probably get a new one. You could probably get Aiden's if you wanted it. I mean, I I don't think I I could, but I want the rib from Adam and Eve. I want that one. Doctor, that one's expensive. That one's so pricey. You could afford it. You're rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Have you looked at your account recently? We should keep adding more ribs. We need to take them out like Marilyn Manson. Take out the broken ribs. Take out the broken ribs. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your dick on the right side. That's a hurtful rumor. I don't think it's hurtful. I think it's awesome. Chill on Marilyn Manson. Sorry. Uh, yeah. No, my rib is bruised now. I can't put any pressure on it. It was still It was still a good event. Let me listen. Let's go around. How do we fix Lewig events? Number one, no more Ellen. Number two, no more Lewig. Yeah, I think I think loving competing is like see now because we've I feel the need because I talked to Ellen about it at the event and I brought I brought him my grievances and he did he explained his perspective where in his opinion I I didn't know this but they had Buddha who is apparently an absolute baller and they had Buddha on their team the whole time. So Buddha was getting replaced by Chris the like singer Chris that Oh, Suniss. Yeah. that they didn't know was that telling your parents about this like yeah they had they had Buddha which I thought was unfair so they brought macho in and really I was huh that's great sweetie you these are men and Buddha dropped and got replaced by sun-kissed or Chris last minute that's the Griodonis guy I'll yeah yeah washboard abs beautiful package let me let me read what he sent me this might change your mind he said thank you again man today was awesome I've never won anything really lol so to even get second was freaking dope Yeah, you obviously didn't get close in the stage and slam either because you didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do anything. It was okay. No, again, I I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Ellen. I think he's totally fine. But it was a problem in in the slam. If he got second at this tournament, it actually doesn't matter. You know, I like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Ellen. Okay. Mr. B tweeted out, "I have the biggest collab in history." And the only person I replied, "Don't invite this guy, Jimmy," was to Ellen. And there were there were some heinous people replying. That's hater [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh yeah, dude. Oh. Oh, what was I going to say? Uh, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wise. I forgot and wise. It was so crazy and wise. Well, Maya was the hero. Yeah, she MGA. Where did MGA come from? From Chris. Dude, he was naming basketball players. Like, I named Melee Falcons. And I was like, I don't know anything. His basketball knowledge probably goes deeper than your melee knowledge. It was great. Yeah. Well, I guess basketball knowledge goes deeper. You know who else was Nut. Nut and him were like they they were like trading like, oh, what about Frenzy? Oh, what about Elliot? You know, and I was just like I like how like you're translating something that we understand in like a money, but like more people listening would understand the basketball references. I would love to also hear King Momo. King Momo. What if it's just like Tyrese Hallebertton, you know? It's like not a frenzy. It's like one of the best players. Is he a good big big guy? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, they were because they he kept asking Chad. He's like, "All right, Chad, who is the LM of like the NBA?" And then the chat would go crazy and he'd read off a name and be like, "What?" He'd be like, "Tony Snell, Tony Snell, are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding me?" Which was very fun. Yeah. Um, so it was cool. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, improving the Lwick events. No more Elm. No more Lwig. I think it's finally time you stop playing. I feel like I'm doing good in them, though. It's not about doing good. Oh, you did good in this one. Yeah, I think I did well as a host. You did well. Did you What with the final bracket? Oh, so you're saying no loading as a player? Yeah. Am I still hosting? Is that take away? Leave like a name in use your name. You don't even have to really show up. I don't think like what? Like Michael Kors. Who's that? The beer the beer guy. Yeah, cool. What does that mean? Like I wouldn't be in the store. I don't know. I don't I don't That's just my name there and you just buy the Yeah. You just don't mean like we're doing the Lwig basketball jam next year and you're just I'm just not That's what he's implying. He's implying I'm not even there. It's about the It's LBJ the brand. Yes, the brand. It's not really about you. Fast. Is that Is that announced? Fast 52 is announced. The fast 52 idea. You have on one court you have two players and they're speed running for 1,000 threes. Oh my god. Kind of a sick idea. It is, but you would know who wins. You know what I'm saying? Like, no. You could keep them in a box and you could give each of them three punishment cards they can call on the other person at any time. They would have to not be able to see each other. Yes. Yeah. They'd have to be in like isolated studios. One of those has been done for three hours. Yeah, that'd be really cool. It's kind of like a It's like a loan. Like a loan. It's that show where people go camp in the wilderness, but And it's like 10 of them. What? I thought you said alone like a house. Oh. Oh, yeah. They just camp in the wilderness and there's like 10 people doing it and whoever lasts the longest winsk, but you don't know how long the other people are camping out. That is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That should be illegal. Yeah, that's crazy. I think a lot of reality shows Loki should be illegal. Well, they you know how a lot of reality shows win. The one with the moms and the kids should be illegal. I think that one should be illegal. Yeah. Or I should be on it. Mil Hunter. What? Well, no. The one with the moms and the kids. That's the one. Milter. Mil Island. Mil Hunter is a guy, a legendary man. Oh, Mil Island. Excuse me. Oh, Milf Island's the one with They're with their sons, but they date each other. The moms are trying to date and the kids are trying to date, not each other. Call it mom swap, why don't you? Yeah. Uh, I remember what I was going to say. It is. So, Syuno, he did this with uh dodgeball, too. He will join these events and kind of do nothing and be very like unathletic. And it's kind of crazy. No. No. Listen. Listen. Wow. And it's kind of crazy cuz you look at him, you're like, what is the idea here? But I think it is a very brave thing to do to still say yes. He could just not he could just not play the basketball. You should You should have seen him on the driving range in the back. There's a virtual golf range. Oh, is he cutting it up? He's like, "Well, I've never held one of these, but guess I'll give it a go." Boom. 100 yards. Beautiful. I would love to see you versus Syuno in basketball. I was saying I was saying on commentary, everyone was like, "You Syuno 1 v one who wins." I'm like, "It's close." That's actually it is an equal level of experience. You both have one day of basketball experience. I know loser wears a diaper for a year. No, but I I'm not taking a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on him because again, it was like obviously like dude, Chris was calling him a cone. He said a point cone. Uh Lwig is a cone. Chris, I'm a cone. He said you were a cone. I got nine points. Cones don't get nine points. Uh at the beginning you were pretty much a cone. I hit the first three dagger. Wait, nine points total? Yeah. In in like two hours of play time in two games. Yeah. Well, like 30 minutes, but yeah. For for a man who could simply just say no, that's okay. I won't do that. He still does it. And I think that's brave and interesting. Well, I I am not playing on my next one. No. Literally streamer games. Well, yeah. You're just hosting. You're just hosting. You suck. We should have team Yard. You got so many athletic. Imagine Team Yard. Team Yard is not a thing. Why not? Because it's not how it works. Why not? Because I'm changing the You make the rules. Just make it rule. I know. And I made it so that I'm not doing teams. I'm doing eight captains. The captains draft teams. No one's going to draft us. We'll draft each other. You guys aren't a captain. We could be a We're not even We're not even in it. Team Yard and we compete in three uh three competitions. One, eating ice cream. Two, getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yep. And three, getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] machine. You're there's a machine category and there's a human category. How would you win the getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I guess. Okay, we can't have him on the team. We got a question like that. Yeah. How does the pull vulture go over the It's a physics, bro. Yeah, it's just how the game works, right? So, yeah, I think this is a good idea. I feel like you guys would be horrible at every single sport I have lined up. That's crazy. In the in the Olympics, you can't run. I would I would Yeah. I think I'm terrible at every Olympics. One uh Yeah. Can leak I got We're bringing back Simon says. I would be crazy. You think you would be crazy? And then you'd And then And then you'd be like, "Oh, dude, I didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He didn't." No, I would take I would take maybe 3 seconds. I would transfer the colors into some sort of like immortal technique song that I can I can I have like sesthesia. I could like see the color and the music all at the same time and then I would be I would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think I go infinitely. You you go infinitely. I don't think I'd ever stop. I don't have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trickshot contest, buddy. Maybe you should. Okay. Think about that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why not? I don't. It's phase is going to be there probably. Maybe you should. I I I I just wouldn't make sense for eight teams to compete. It'd be boring to watch. No. Extra Emily. Imagine she hits one. Yeah, dude. Yeah, but you know how boring it would be to get to that point. No, bring dude. Perfect. Make that. I think we're doing umamus, right? Derby. Wait, you're doing that at streamer word streamer? Wait, like are the runners is it real life? It's a piggyback 200 meter dash. Oh, that's not that's not accurate to the game. Idiot idea. Not accurate. The accuracy to the game is just people running. People running that look like horses. It's going to be people. They're going to have horse tails. So, it's accurate to the game. The You want the running horses? Huh? Huh? The ones that like the with the horse head and the stick. No, cuz people just cheat then. They like don't do it good. You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah, but you have a judge, bro. Yeah, but it's such a hard call to make. Like, oh, you didn't look like you were on the horsey enough. I guess we're doing the piggyback. Yeah, but that's not Uma Pretty Derby. It's just not. What place did you get? I got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like 12th, right? And I got seventh. So, who's more of an Uma head? But I am because it's literally two people versus one person. One horse girl races in the game. What do you know about Vodka? Uh Vodka, she's a late starter or sorry, she's a late serger. Vodka is the only horse in recent history to win the Japan. I don't care about the lore. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the lore. I'm talking about the game. I'm caring about the lore. Chad Warden cares about the games. Chad, put speed climbing in it. PS. Nah, man. Cuz we'd have to make a speed climbing wall. Yeah. gets have someone just bring one because you know what guys I appreciate the LED into consideration. You're going to have a LED while someone's got to bring that. Do you ever think about how you get all these ideas for free? I'll take all these into consideration. I I'm glad. Give me a sport. I'll You know what? I'll deeply consider it right now. What? Give me a sport rate. Uh give you a sport. How about 1v one Shadow Fiend mid? What is that? In Warcraft 3 Dota, not Dota 2. Uh, okay. That's a video game. Yeah. Okay. Essports or sports? Xamster, xxx.com, porn.com, sex vid, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with a Q, big sun porno. I'm just looking through subscriptions from this one. You're sub to all those and and.com and Truth Social on my phone, bro. I don't think that's the case, but even if it is and I'm subscribed to Truth Social as well and Breitbart, and that one is mine. Are you posting over on truth? I'm a real truth poster. Yes, I know there was monetization on those on one of those websites. They're coming on all three right now. It's a slow roll out, right? So, you're in the you're early ground monetization, but I found out that I've lost $10,000. Okay. Instead of making a single dime. That's pretty bad. I Well, I don't know what to do about it, to be honest. I think I have a solution for you. If you had Rocket Money, it would have told you way earlier that you were putting money into these things that you maybe forgot you signed up for for like maybe a joke. Probably a joke. Maybe some sort of bit. Do you even know what Rocket Money is? It's a like a woke cancelling tool. No, Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions and monitors your spending and also helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Lewig, and I've seen your savings not proportionate to the income. We got to get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I save a couple. We got to get that up. Look, you can see all of your weird subscriptions that you shouldn't be on in one place. Gives you a dashboard. It gets alerts if bills increase in price, which obviously happened to you. Does it autotrack it? Oh, it autotracks it. Would it know everything I sign up for? Uh, unfortunately, yeah. What does that mean for you, but it's good for you to know that, right? You get to know it only. No one else gets to see it. Does Mr. Rocket know it, too? You can also check your credit score, which for you is probably somewhere starts with a six. Okay, it actually is up now. It's up now. Yeah. 7:04. Whoa. You guys You guys got a little bit quiet, huh? The guy on the third place podium popping the champagne in his face. Anyway, Rocket Money has over 5 million users and saved a total of 500 million in cancelled subscription, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's features. Yeah, I like using it for I like to categorize all my spending. I actually went through and did all of it one day where I went through and said what everything is. does a pretty good job automatically, but I did some myself and I was like, "Damn, I spend way too much on food." That's your Breitbart. Uh, your Breitbart Plus. Yes. Let's both make a packed. I'll stop using Breitbart. You stop eating food. I'll stop eating food forever. Thanks to Rocket Money. I'll just continue being normal. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It says, "Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocketoney.com/theart." It's broken.com/theyard. Um, shut up, Aiden. I thought it was getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I was varsity in high school. All three of your ideas are good. I'll take into consideration. Okay. My actual one's speed climbing. He He really doesn't like that. I think he'd had [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before he had speed climbing. Well, it was in the same category. See, he thinks it's really dumb cuz he came up with an idea of why it was dumb. Shot put. We kill a guy in the crowd. Yo, should I put into the crowd? Yeah. Yeah, that could be fun. I have Ed. I have to figure out the Ed thing still. The milk mile. Well, I don't know if they'll let us dump that much milk on their track. It It has to be some sort of like health violation. No, cuz it's only 12 miles. Do the milk mile on the grass. No, no, that's the part that you really care about. The track is better to Yeah. Oh, the track is more chill to spill on than the turf. True. Milk Mile. So gross. Everyone's throwing up. Extra Emily throws up just seeing someone else throw up. Yeah. And she laughs when she throws up. She likes throw up three times yesterday. What? Yeah, he did. Dude, he looked ghostly at the end of ghost. Throw up so much in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn years. He's old as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's 30, bro. And he's a cool DJ. And him and him and Dre should be hanging out. Didn't Lacy throw up, too? I don't think Lacy throw up. I don't think Lacy broke a sweat. Oh, he went on the court, did like three step back threes, and then he was like every time after every game, he's like, "Yeah, what up?" And all the other guys were on their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] knees panting. Yeah, dude. Also, Lacy Lacy and Stans almost went to Boston. I didn't Okay, that happened when I subbed out. So, I didn't see what happened cuz it was right, it was literally right after. So when I watched the game back, I saw it because I was Lacy was talking later about how he confused me with stands and thought I was the one who headbutted him. And I'm standing there. I'm like, I have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idea what you're talking about. I don't know if you can look up Lacy headbutt. It might come up, but uh there was a bingo board and it two of the spots where Aiden gets in fight, Sans gets in fight. Both were hit. Yeah. You took a big hit. Was that your nose? You were like holding your face. Adapt. Yeah, Adapt elbowed me in the nose. That was just a That was not a clean foul, but that was a clear foul. It looked tough. But But at one point, Aiden calls Kesan a shut. He says, "Shut up. Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." And then Kesan goes, "Don't tell me to shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." Wait, really? Oh, yeah. It look chippy. It was cuz it was because Kesan Kesan went up and hacked a foul. Like smashed across I think Chris's arm when he went up on like the first or second play. And and as soon as he got called, he turned to the ref and like like that. And I was like, "Dude, shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." Cuz it was so obvious. Like you I saw you smashed his arm. And then Queso goes, "I don't know you." Yeah. I don't know. And then he was mad cuz he was like, "I don't know you. Don't talk to me like that." And I And then I laughed and then he didn't like that I laughed. And then and then and then we then play squash. Well, what kind of happened is they squashed two plays later, baby squash, but then 30 fouls proceeded to happen in a row. Like not a single point was scored. It was just a foul off and the ref's whistles were getting work. Okay. Uh and then like towards the end of the game, I don't even know what sparked the stands Lacy thing initially. I don't know what happened either. I think Lacy started like trolling him and saying some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think he was like saying some disrespectful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It looks like it looks like classic because you can't hear it in the in the video, but it looks like Lacy says something as they're both walking back like up the court and it looks like Lacy says something after fouling him. Yeah, I think Lacy filed him and said like you're bad or something that wasn't even foul. Something like that, you know. And then Sans, true justice stands, you can't talk to stands that way. Goes goes all right. What? What' you say? Stay in my face and to that effect. Oh my god. And then and then and then Lacy looks like he goes for a little headlock. you know, headlock and then and then kind of backs out. He had to like kind of and then Stans goes in for one, but the way he goes in for it, it looks like he almost like he's going in like Dean Zadon. I was going to say it looks like it looks like it's going to be the Zadon headbutt. Okay. But but then but then he pulls back and he like he maybe lightly kisses Lacy's forehead and then w with his head. Right. Right. And then and then and then Lacy's like, "He just headbutt me." And then he goes back in and then and then I'll go to break this up and see this all happen. I'll tell you, I know who wins that fight. Oh, it's And it's And it's the man in his 30s. Yeah. Yeah. If they don't That's the thing. Nobody knows about Sans's right arm. They don't know about his his hook. Yeah. If If it doesn't come out of its socket, bro, you're you're out. It's lights out. I was I was saying on commentary, I was like, "Stan, you cannot lose a fight to a man with whitened teeth. You cannot do that. It's a bad look." One punch, they change shade. The souls leave. I'm I'm going to slap the white off your teeth. Reversing his hollowing. Then they get real close. I go to break it up. The ref comes right and he steps in front of me. He goes, "I got this." Nope. He steps in between. He keeps and he goes like this. He goes, "Yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy." And they just stop. I stopped. I stopped, too. I became It's like when a mama cat grabs the baby cat by the neck and they just know to stop moving. He just knew what to do. He's like He's like, "Don't worry, I got this." And he was so nonchalant, but he's like, "I got this." like he's seen it a hundred times. How to immediately disarm a fight between two men. Like both men are just like yummy. What? That that would take me out of it though. Every time. Well, yeah, cuz you zoom out for a second and you're like, oh, this is actually a little embarrassing. We're playing like a 3v3 game. There's no reason to get this heated. Quesan won me over by the end of that game. Uh why? Because of his hard fight through the whole tournament. He was he was clearly exhausted and we did we squashed like during that game and then uh he was so tired but he kept pushing and he kept making shots like through the whole tournament. I was and if you're out of shape like if you haven't played at all that's really hard. Oh my god he had a crazy uh he had a crazy move too. There's a highlight package for that whole tournament. It's actually some moment intel moments of brilliance. I think next year I I made a big mistake this year that I I'll correct. I lost 15 pounds before this tournament. I'm putting 15 more on. Yep. On your Luca [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Lewig stinky two um basketball event. The stinky two invitational. Your team your team weight must average out to a stinky. We call it the stinky two-point line. Yeah. Why do we go for a stinky two? And it's wet and stinky. It's the AT&amp;T stink ball and it has the green lines. Yeah. There's no more blue balls and it goes in the net and it burns the net. You know what was good? You know, I thought I I was worried how it was going to play out was the the power play. I thought it was great. It was great. It actually worked almost exactly as intended. I I think we made a big switch at rehearsal which was losing team gets the ball cuz initially that wasn't going to happen, but it basically made it like a comeback mechanic. Yeah. One game I forgot who uh FaZe versus someone almost a massive comeback. Oh, there was an there was 18 unanswered points. Yeah, I mean donate to Alveas was up 125 and then there was a 10point comeback. Yep. Notice it was some crazy dude Nut kept running this bit. I I sometimes it was funny and sometimes it wasn't. But I was like you you know you do you you're you and that's beautiful. But he just kept talking about Lacy as if he was like Kim Jong-un. Like like an an infallible president of the world that has that has never done anything wrong as and secretly running everything and is like he's the best basketball player. He's like he's like, "Yeah, Lacy's not on the court right now, but you can tell he's directing the team." And it was the only thing he would ever say about Lacy. If you go back and listen to the broadcast, he's really trying to push this bit through. Chris, I don't think is picking up on it. I am picking up on it, but I'm like, I don't want to be the guy who just only dogs on Lacy cuz he's clearly dogging on him. So, I'm like playing this. It was a beautiful dance of words. It was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny. As a guy who was on the bench next to him, he was directing it. He was He was He was He'd be like, "Adapt shouldn't be driving like that." And then he wouldn't even say it loud. adapt would just kind of just nod. Pass the ball to Macho. Creator soccer event up next. I think you just want to play. Yeah, bro. I want to play. I think I want to do volleyball. Oh, cuz that sounds beach volleyball or like regular volleyball? Regular. Yeah, I'd play I was good at volleyball in middle school. What? I was no 100% bro. I know how to hit. We didn't get you on team. Yeah. You know what? I'd whip that boy into shape. thousand%. Whenever he talks, it sounds just like Connor. No. Oh my god. Just like him. They don't sound a little bit alike. Maybe if I was trying to think of the two least sound alike people, they actually sound so different cuz Oh. Oh, Connor talk. I thought I was in Connory's pants. Wait. Wait. Still no. It's just Yeah, this is racist now. The exact same. There's like a hundred different British accents. They have the same one. No, dude. Conor Connor and Ellen have the same British accent. on God. Isn't Connor Welsh? No, Connors is pretty polish. Well, Welsh is part of the British Isles, so jot that down. But it's a different accent. I don't believe this. Conor does not really sound Welsh. I'd whip his ass into shape, bro. I'd be like, "This one's for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your modern Zangief, bro." I mean, they both have very Americanized accents, but Ellen talks like he's in a frat at the age of 31. 31. Connor talks like he's at tea time. He does. Yes. And he has love in his heart. Would you like a little more? He told me he told me his um his poker his Call of Duty poker set story again and I just listened to the whole thing cuz I just loved hearing how happy I was like, "Yeah, show me pictures, bro. I've already seen all the pictures." Yeah. I'm like, "Oh my god, it's so fun." Just like being regailed. You going to do volleyball? Do it. See what I care. Yeah. See if I give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What? Why? Why are you being like that? Because when I said I want to play cuz I was good in middle school, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] looked at me like I was a chopped [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. Huzz you were good at volleyball in middle school. I was. I can't wait. I'm going to run this event. I'm going to get you on a team and I'm posting the next [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day. Slime was surprisingly bad at volleyball. The thing is I think I can't go any longer for how much he brags. There's no bedrock. I am I'm sitting on the bedrock and I have been since the video came out. Volleyball is so hard. Volleyball is hard against good volleyball. Volleyball is a sport where if you if you don't if you miss the point, you score on yourself. Yeah. In basketball, you miss the basket. It's just a possession. Right. Yeah, that's true. But I It's also like so frustrating when one person's horrible at volleyball on your team. You can't mask them because the ball goes to them. It's just you got to push them out of the way. You got to go for it yourself. No, that's what Will Enough would do. Yep. I I I stand down. Yep. What are the easiest sports for an event like this? Basketball seems like it's one of the best ones you could you could do. Probably soccer. Yeah, soccer is more I think soccer's hard to capture. They play barios. Soccer. We already had this discussion once, but uh soccer is harder cuz it's like when someone runs past you, if you're un if you can't catch them, it's like it's over. It's over. Yeah. Like Maya can grab a basketball and shoot it and it can go in. I think that was one thing with this too is that if it's full if it's fullcourt basketball, it's also a lot different too. Bring back loaded kickball. Kickball is pretty easy. Kickball is easy. Not that fun to walk, but it I it is pretty slow, dude. I kind of want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] run a softball game. Okay. Wait, why that? I think why that over kickball? Cuz kick I feel like for especially the the hand eye coordination with softball I feel like is there going to be a lot of strike. I want people who are decent. But I I think uh I just like watching B I watch baseball every day of my life. Hidden every day of your life? No, you don't. In the regular season, they play 162 games in like I don't know something like a 100. Do you watch baseball highlights? Yeah. Yeah. I watch 10 minutes of baseball. I watch a baseball the full Dodgers highlights every day. Every day. 10 minutes. Well, they play like three game series usually day break three game series, sometimes back toback series. Yeah. One time Josh watched a 10-minute essay about Alien the movie and said the movie was really good. So, okay. Watching a baseball highlights I get is more comparable to watching the game than watching an alien. I don't actually know. That's tough to decide. Well, I mean, I get watching the highlights if you have if you don't want. It's also weird to go back and watch a game that already aired. No, no, this is super normal. You'll watch an entire game that already aired. You're a boomer. People do that. Yeah, very commonly. It's actually one of the most common ways people consume basketball. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. That's how Blur Blur watches basketball. He He doesn't want to He said he pirated the all pirates all the games and downloads them to his Plex server and then watches them later. Okay, that's crazy. But the NBA has an official highlights channel and they upload the game within like minutes of it ending with like a 10-minute highlight package and those get like millions of views every game and like NBA TV ratings are down, but those YouTube views are like up. Sure. Sure. You know, Blur used to say too, there's a weird connection with like the San Antonio Spurs and like Iran. I forgot what, but ask Blur next time you see him. He's like, for some reason people in Iran love the Spurs and that's why he loves them. thinking shots. This sounds like something that Blur would say to me. Yeah, I just I want to believe this. Monobi looks 25% Persian. I And I've said that a lot. He's Argentinian, huh? Argentinian. Yeah, he just looks a bit Persian. He looks a bit He's an aura thing. He's Ora. Yeah, he's a bit Persian. Persian aura. Yeah, the eyebrows. You're busting out that shirt, man. I'm busting out busting out that shirt. Yeah, man. I like that. What is that? This is Japan's national jersey I got in Japan with my friend Michael. You're so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] extra. I can't handle it. Why am I so extra? Sorry. I'm trying to be nicer. You look really good. You're wearing a Pizza My Heart shirt. Oh yeah, you got that from Pizza My Heart. That That's right. I got it. I got this with a slice. Downtown San Jose. Is that team sponsored by Y3? Huh? Or is that a Y3 jersey? Like is it made by Y3 that you buy at the store and that's not the jersey they wear? I bought this at the equivalent of Dick Sporting Goods. So I don't know. Oh, I don't think it's like a designer shirt. Probably be a sponsor then. If it's a Y3 shirt, it's kind of a designer shirt. I guess I do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] then. That's that that's that Yoji Yamamoto [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Adidas Y3. You know, speaking of me getting roasted, something happened. Come. Something happened this week. After we were done playing Mario Kart, we got we played a USA versus France Mario Kart match this week. We matched up against a team. Oh, you were in that? which was meant to be even. Yeah. Uh but was not. We got cooked. Okay. And he invited seven machos. H French machos. Ellen with seven machos. Surely you invite if for in a competition like that, you invite the best of the best. Well, it said like had a group that was the best of the best and then toned it down and made this team that was supposed to be even. Yeah. Like I gave him my names and then he made the group around the people I sent in. Yeah. So we we're playing uh and one of the people it's Valkyrie Squeaks simply me. simply uh and when this is all wrapped up uh Lwig leaves the call and Valkyrie wants to play Counterstrike and she asks me Squeaks and Void to play Counterstrike which is which is just an insane stack from the outside in four stack or with another person four stack four stack for the first game and then we end up get we get somebody else with us with us with us later but during the first game me and Ray have never played games together on stream before or or played games in general. So, she is getting a bunch of messages in her chat. She's like, "Hey, we've never played games before." I realize like I don't know that much about you. My chat's saying very interesting things right now. And I'm like, "Okay." I open it up. Shingle. Ask Aiden about his shingles. Ask Aiden about how he peed on the floor. Ask Aiden about how he tried breast milk. Yes. Yes. I'm reading through the highlights and I'm like, "Guys, you have to stop saying these. These are not helping me out of context." Like, even the context of context, what's the context of it doesn't help that much. So, what Rey is doing over the course of the stream is like will like I'll die in a round and she'll die and then she'll cherrypick one of these insane things that her chat is saying to ask about me that she and she's like, Amy, can you explain this in front of her entire chat? And she does this over and over and over again. We're 90 minutes deep and I'm explaining to Ry why it's not crazy that I tried breast milk one time and it's it's not going well. like I'm floundering and uh that's that is one of those like I was saying earlier it's like yeah it is that did happen but then you have to defend yourself I know and it's like it doesn't look are you fragging out and then uh I am fragging out is she fragging out she did we actually stopped two of the games you know you just say no she she say she she fired up the swag 7 and she was a demon in tunnels she and my name on steam is authentic out beverage so this back stopped by the the breast the breast milk question. They start calling me the whole stack starts calling me milk boy. They won't call me Aiden anymore and they call me milk boy for the rest of the stream. Dude, you had breast milk like years ago. One time. This is so cringe. Oh man, if he says on the show torture him with it for the rest of his life. Well, I mean it's kind of like the you know why when you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a pig one time do you become a pig [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ah yeah, but it's like I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pigs now. But what if you're doing that to save a hostage and represent the nation of the United Kingdom? Then what if you need to be like one of those British titles where it's like pig [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hostage saver, EDM, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the rest of and you did what's right, but your watch still leaves you at the end of the episode. Okay, if we were all I guess lot has been if Nick and I were in the same situation like you know we barely ever talked to Valkyrie. What would they say about us? I feel like I have very fun ones. Be like, "Ask slime about how if nine dogs are better than one." No, her m would be she'd be like, "Why is my chat saying you hate women?" Ah, and I would immediately say, "I just hate that they're so beautiful and don't get enough recognition." And then she would be like, "Oh my god, so sweet." And then everyone in chat would say W and it would be over and I would win. For Anthony, it would be what? She'd be like, "Slime, why don't you think women can be male men?" I would. Yeah, I would have to. What's the name of the job? Let's start there. Yep. I would have to take the stand on that one. So, what's up with param motors? Why does people keep asking if I should param you saying wears a diaper? That one I would crinkles when he walks hard. She would not take your side on that one. Why do you say you'd look at a dead baby's penis? That one is way old. And I think that one get that one also gets filtered. And it wasn't a baby. It was a kid, which is worse. A kid. It was a kid. Wow. And now we're splitting hairs. It is worse though. Isn't it funny how that works? It's funny how that works. You can look at a baby's penis all you want, but once it's a kid, you can't look anymore. It's a bell curve. Yeah, it's a bell curve. Yeah. I don't know what shape it is cuz we got to they might be circumcised, I think. Well, and then I say it's more ethical if the kid is dead. Man, that bell curve and then now you're rehashing it. So, and then you're stuck, right? You're stuck defending. That's why you don't rehash. That's why you don't you just say you just say, "Ah, this is actually the easiest with you." What? We could find a million things for you. so much. But but the thing is that one probably gets caught by her auto mod so she can't also the thing is in these situations you can just lie. Yeah, you can lie. You So like in the breast milk you'd be like, "Oh, I have breast milk every week." Oh yeah. And you you cover a sheen of irony around you. Yeah. Which is hard for Aiden. I think he likes to be gen because she's too locked in on the game to be able to discern cuz chat won't be coherent enough cuz some will know, some won't. Yeah. I make my own breast milk at home actually. It's actually my breast milk for my tits. I get one drop a week. No, no, boys can make breast milk. Dr. from every week for my own breast. No, no. I've been reading a book about it. It's like the male lactation. It's I got really into like making like bread at home and making my breast milk stuff, you know, hobby. Uh yeah, I I watched you guys form your lobby at first and it started with you trying to get Adam in which I thought would have been a treat. It's funny cuz I didn't try to get him in. Oh yes, she did. Valkyrie. There was a surreal moment where me and Squeakage are just talking about the last time we played and we were three stacking with Adam from the Adam Smash series. I've heard it's the dream stack and the it's the dream stack. We when we trio queue, magic happens. It's a perfect it's a perfect combination of skill sets and we we just brought this up and then Valkyrie was like, "Wait, what? That sounds great. Invite him. See if he can play." And I'm in my head I'm laughing. And I'm like, I'm listening to Valkare invite Adam like ass Adam hosting Smash Weekly in his basement to the CS GO. She was on Vogue. Where was he? And he was uh he uh he was running ass. I think I think it was Wednesday. So he had to run the weekly. I think he I think if he had done that, that catapults ass in a way like you've never seen before. Like I think he's made a genuine mistake. I understand that he had to run to the left, but ass runs itself. All right. It's a community, you know. So, let ass run itself. Make ass fat. Make ass fat by playing with Valkyrie and getting Valkyrie to fund your tournament. Adam, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You know, it was like when we uh we jokingly announced that Armada was going to be at Midlane in Chicago and and and and Kevin Tenacity was like that was our biggest week of our entire series. So, you know, it's just gains on the table, Adam. Valkyrie is coming to ass in Portland next week. Yeah. You know what? right now. Right here, we talked to her. Ray Valkyrie is going to acid Portland this week. On Wednesday, she will be there. Check it out. She'll be in Adam's basement. She'll be commentating melee with Bill Shatna. Oh man. Man, that'd be cool. We should get like your mega super celebrity friends to commentate a melee event. Oh, that'd be kind of fun. Remember that? That happened at offseason. It was a big hit. Offseason. Oh, that was when it was the COD commentator, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The COD that they are different, bro. They are better than us. It did feel bad when they just walked in and kind of they just mob. Yeah, they don't know anything. And they're just talking about how insane that the guy with the sword is attacking Pikachu and I was I was locked in. It works. Yeah, we're going to do a rematch first phase. That show match going to happen. Fast 52. Let's go. Fast 52 is the rematch. Do you want them to have the same team? No, I think they need to have the same core. They can swap swag if they need. But he was like one of their better players. You think even better player? Yeah. Within phase. But if they wanted like Kesan, I think Quesan's probably better then. I think that's fair. Yeah. So beat Jason Ronaldo adapt. I think they need Jason Ron adapt. Yeah. But they're fourth. You want the big What we actually need is a third sport because we've lost to FaZe in basketball. We've defeated FaZe in Call of Duty which is hilarious that that's what hap like that. How do we beat them in Call of Duty and lose in basketball? Times are different. Times are different. Macho is They didn't have Macho at Call of Duty. That might have They need a Macho of Call of Duty. Macho Macho was a trickshotter. Did he do both? He trick shot two games. Ludwig was like, "You ever cheat a trick shot?" He's like He looked disgusted. That's tor macho. I I didn't see a damn single episode when I looked it up, though. Be real with you. I mean, his clip sucked. That's why he went to basketball. Damn. Get ready to learn basketball. Damn. Filipino. We need a third game versus them, I guess. Um, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Yeah. No, we we lose that, bro. They got Lacy. 100%. We would lose that. There was I can't There's a clip of Lacy and and and Yugi's talking to him. He goes, "Okay, loser gets face fucked." And then Lacy goes, "All right, I'm airballing." Fire. So, he's ready. We shouldn't be able to say that. after the Okay, Eve was still IRL streaming on the court after it was all over and she's playing a game of pig with uh Yugi or uh his tag started with an A. Ari or Yugi? Uh let's not confuse him. No, I don't I didn't I haven't curious for them apart. Weird. I could You know what's funny? Chris made this exact same joke before like because I was because they're both zero and one Ari and Yugi. Archie also barely ever played and so Yui's like small hands. I was like Yugi's been playing for so long. I are they going to swap out with the other. And then I was just going to say the other player he steps in. He's like, "Oh, the other black guy." As if she would jump in to be like, "Is he going to swap?" And when you're a white guy in that spot, Yeah. you you hold that. And I was like, "Well, yeah. the other blank guy. Anyway, I think it was Ar cuz I think Yugi was a little better at basketball. Yeah. Uh and and Emily just comes up to me, Aiden. Aiden, uh we're playing pig and uh can I spank you? Whoa. And I was I was like, it's like college all over again for you know that like Neil deGrasse Tyson clip where he's like flying through the wormhole. I was like, I'm trying to I'm trying to put the pieces together of why does this make sense? Like, is there a cohesive part of the rules? And I said, uh, I mean, it's okay if you spank me, but what what does it have to do with pig? Like, can you explain to me what that And then she's like, no, no, like like if I lose, then I'll spank you and and if Ary loses, he'll spank you. Which doesn't a win, which doesn't really explain it. I was like, "Pig doesn't normally have this in it." That's not like a normal. So why And I I was like, "Why am I the consequence of you losing the game of pig?" And uh and then she loses the next shot and she she spanks me on her stream and heart. I was like, "Okay, did you did you make a little just sucked it a little?" And then and then I'm like, "Okay, bits done." And then 30 seconds pass and I I don't know if Arry like hit the the uh repeat shot or or whatever uh the rebuttal shot at the end. But then she comes back over and she's like Aiden Aiden he has to spank you now. And I was like what? Like you just spanked me and then argue he clearly doesn't want to do it. Like and I'm just standing there and then Emily's like okay spank him now. This is crazy. Why are you getting by like a 120 lb 5 foot2? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, I don't care. I'm indifferent to being spanked. I don't have I'm just You shouldn't be. I'll say it. You shouldn't be. You should have an opinion on being I think I'm more I'm more I'm actually way more invested by the logic of why I'm being spanked. I'm different on it. I would say you can spank me, but I'll swing. Yeah, you spank me, but I might [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Andy's like, I'm going to go talk to somebody else. Yeah. I'm like, if you smack it, it poops. Find out what's in there. Yeah. Find out what's inside for you. I got mystery box, dude. I saw her rejecting this event. I was like, what the hell? To just spend a minute in her mind would be amazing. It's probably pure euphoria all the time. That's what I I think. No, cuz I called her uh before the event started cuz Ell's team was in dis I don't think people knew what they were getting into. M so I want to call every person on LM's team and be like what do you think's happening? So, I do this and I call Emily and we're talking and she's instantly she's like she's Emily as you know on stream like hi Lewick and I'm like I'm like hi and we're talking for like a minute a minute passes she goes wait are you live and I go no I'm just like in my car and she goes oh I'm not live and then and then there's a tone shift she goes hello tell me again what you were discussing yeah if you guys notice Aiden's gone it's because I cooked him and ate him. I put him in a big cauldron and chopped some carrots. Slime. You can't eat our friend. Ate him. Well, he's gone forever. You could. It's There's not a lot of fat on the bone there. It's good macros. Oh, the macros are insane. Well, you know what you're not even thinking about? What? How long is it going to last you? Uh, well, I mean, it was a delicious meal, right? One meal. He makes about one meal. That's one meal. Whole body's content. You get one meal and that's it. Uh, one meal. Oh, he screamed so much. It was so annoying. You can only make You can only make uh Aiden Aiden soup. Goulash one recipe. Do you think I would give you if you were to eat me? Oh, you give me probably like a good like three three squares. What if I told you there was 15,000 recipes that could be sent directly to your house with the ingredients for you to cook instead of having to eat boiled Aiden? What? Yes. Hungry Root. Look, the thing about Hungry Root is they hold ingredients to high standards and they avoid additives like high fructose corn syrup and uh and that was one thing about Aiden is that he had a lot of additives in him. Yeah, it was disgusting. Oh, dis Oh, yeah. And also, Aiden takes like three hours to cook because you have to marinate them to get rid of the smell. Yeah, he had preserved sweeteners. Hungry is 15 minutes or less. 15 minutes or less to prepare to to make and prepare and eat. How long did it take to make an Aiden? Oh, I had to boil them. I was slow. Slow and low and slow off the bone for about 8 hours. If you want to take advantage of this exclusive offer, for a limited time, get 40% off the first box, plus a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry.com/theyard and use code take advantage of me. Use code the yard. Uh that's hungry.com/theyard. Code the yard. You get 40% off your first box and a free item of your of your choice for life. Theard code theard get your get your first box. Also, free item for life. That's what Aiden doesn't have anymore. Let's go. Cuz he's Cuz I ate him in my tummy. He's never coming back. His ghost inhabits my bones. Let's listen to his last words before he dies. He turns into a southern oil man. I wish I could have that kind of happiness, man. Wait, blissfully alive all the time. Just dancing on stream. You do. It's called playing League of Legends. It's your blissful joy. Make me happy. It's your blissful joy. You were watching MSI yesterday and he's just explaining to Zipper 2, arm over the shoulder. He's like so it's like you got to stop explaining the legend to people. So it's like space, right? So like these towers they have to like destroy. She was like how many she was like how many kills do you need to win the game? It doesn't work like that. And then and then and then he's like and he's like oh by the way hey by the way those things up there that's the game count. She also asked where's the game count? I don't know. I'm not I'm not saying she didn't say it. I'm just saying what you said. Yes. I like explaining things. Yeah. Yes. I'm bronze and I talk like I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] challenger, which is weird cuz it's like kind of reminiscent of my potential potentially. But no, bro, she asked. Oh, when I ask, you know what I say? I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respond. I listen and I respond. You respond. I would say this is too much for you. I wonder if she was like, "Uh, what are the big uh tower things?" And then just goes back to work on her laptop. Yeah. Yeah. And just like the white noise just like washes over. She's got my credit card plugged into a website where she buys a million cars and furniture while I talk. Speaking of explaining video games, I I explained Uma Musame pretty derby to Chris and he he was he was at the same time fascinated and also disgusted and he kept asking questions and my answers were just more and more absurd. Well, I'm just explaining the game, right? And it was uh it was a great And you're openminded to his love of basketball, but why is he not openminded to your love of umamus? Why why is it why is there a stigma here? It doesn't make sense. Northern line's addicted, bro. He's playing on the pelon. Uh yeah, but that's cuz he has he's also wearing a tail on the pelon. He's wearing a tail. There's a little fan that blows it up so it feels like he's on the track. It's a great pelon game. Yeah, because you rarely have to click. You can kind of race with them. Yes. Yeah. Like rice shower is going just God. He's he he he was saying he's like I don't even watch the race anymore. View results. View results. View results. Yeah. There's no point once you're really that deep. It's just about the results. Not even about the enjoyment of the race. Yeah. This is all computer code. He spreadsheet maxed it. You know Haru Urra did win a race. Yes, man. Everyone knows that. Everyone's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does notice I don't know it. But what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is God bless you? Ra is a Japanese raceh horse who went 0 in 114 in their career. Didn't win a race in a decade. Yeah. The only horse to do this. Went viral in Japan because when they were 0 and 80, the news would start checking in every game. And every long for the news to start checking in. Yeah. Yeah. It was like Well, cuz like if you lose 10 races, no one gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. But your record has to be so abysmal that you so many horses. Yes. And so and it's so rare to lose 80 in a row. Yeah. So then they start checking in and then eventually the horse retires at 114 uh with with just no wins ever numbers. It's ary season for Haru and then the owner brought the horse secretly to a retired horse race and then won it. No way. Isn't that cute? Clutching at the Y. Yeah. And then because of the popularity of Buri that the people now can donate like pay money to donate to this place where Haruara lives and you can give the horse like special treats like and so the horse is just rolling in. Yeah. They're showering this horse with yummies. Yeah. Japan's lovable loser. That's her. And in the game the the horse the the horse girl based on this horse has a scripted loss. Yeah. They have to lose at least one race, which is the only character in the game who has that, which is kind of funny. Anyway, great game 100%. Dude, we should You should do this at the streamer games, but like actually with horses. Yeah, that's just a bad idea. And we dress up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Squeaks in like a jockey outfit. Squeaks would be a crazy good jockey. Yeah. Extra Emily would be a good jockey. Yeah, she's small. And Maya. Yep. I'd be a good jockey. That horse would be wheezing, brother. Man, it would look like an Impala when the back wheels are down. It'd be like when you got too much speakers and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the trunk. Like Rodon. Yeah, Roon with his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] measly horse. It'd be like that Jack Black movie when the when the girl gets in the car and shallow. Shallow and she tilts the whole car. The horse be like throws up. This is why you guys are the smell your nuts. The horse would smell your nuts. This is why you guys are like the ones who are like the people who make fun of people. The horse threw up on the track cuz of Laggrin's stinky nuts. Stinky a hot day. Hot day. Those nuts are probably curdling on the back of that horse's neck. All right, back to you, Tom. Zipper 2 was also mean to me, too. Both of them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't care for that queen. She goes She goes, she goes, "I had a dream about you." Okay. And then and then I see her later. Was it about your stinky curdled nuts? I hope not. It's hands. If so, it's hands. I don't even care if I lose the fight. It's hands. I got to be. No. If my girl dreams about your nuts, say it's hands and stinky and curdled. No, even if they're stinky and curdled. Yeah, cuz she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] low. I'm sorry. What was your dream about? She was dreaming about She She was She had a dream that I had a gallow thrown for me by Donald J. Trump. Oh, a celebration of me. Yeah. Run by Trump. And we had a lion tamer with a lion. And the lion was going to come out at this at this gala and surprise everybody. And but the lion tamer was drunk and so we called off. He said, "We can't bring out the lion." And then a couple hours passed and then I'm like, "It's time to bring out the lion." And I was like, "You can't bring out the lion." And I go, "Bring out the lion. The people need a lion." And then it ends. And so it was just like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] allegory for cart. Wow. That she had she's she's dreaming Asop's fables. Yes. And and I'm saying, "Bring the lion." Yeah. Bring it now. Wow. Yeah. And then And then my stinky nuts weren't even in it. Well, they were there. We Maybe not. They were always with you. It's not like they were magical. It's not like you left your stinky nuts at home. Maybe she didn't know about them, so it wouldn't even come up. Dude, girls love when we don't shower. No, they don't. They love when we smell bad and when we It's our It's our natural. French people have believed this for years. Oh yeah, pre actually. And that's the language of love. Yeah. And they and they do pipe. I think on average more everyone pipes, man. Some people don't pipe. Everybody, you know, everybody poops. Everybody pipes. The adult version of that. I don't think everyone pipes, man. No, not everyone pipes. That's your white privilege speaking. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know. Oh my god. I need to check myself. Piping's down. You're saying PC's don't pipe? No, they pipe. All right. Everybody be piping. Not everybody. Not everybody. Well, then what is it? Who's piping? Liam's definitely not piping cuz those steps would be over. Jesus Christ. Those steps would be at least 300 if there was a clip of him reading the comments on the Spotify of the yard which are very unhinged. Weird weirdly. The Spotify comments get get weirdly more mean than anyone else cuz they're probably like pure pure and honest cuz they have no face to anyone. There's not even an account to follow or anything. But he's just reading one. He's like, "What the fuck?" [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, you're dead in 5 years. Uh, it was it was pretty funny. Liam was on stream last night. He was just like, "Yeah, they gave me the yards like expense thing to like fly there." So, I booked like the nicest hotel and like I flew like first class and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I was just in chat. I happened to be in chat. He did? And I was like, "You did what?" And he's like, "Oh." I was like, "I was kidding. I didn't do any of that." He said he said he stayed at the Conrad, which is a it's a really nice hotel. just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scammed us, didn't we? He fleeced us. Yeah. What? You couldn't say a goddamn double tree, Liam? No wonder he's listening to me play league. He's trying to talk about anything but that. No wonder, dude. By the way, I realized I think I want to commentate basketball professionally. I'm not kidding. No, it is so fun and so easy, dude. If I just learn the rules when you have two people who really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know what they're talking about. It wasn't that. It was It's so easy because the game is like someone who just commented Melee for so long. It's way too fast. But basketball, someone gets the ball, they post up, they shoot. Aiden for two brick, right? It's easy. Okay. But you need to do a little more than that. But low key, you don't like you know how you I listen to basketball highlights on the way. But do you know how you saw Chris see Adam? Like you mentioned this. You saw Chris see Adam make a move and he lit up because he saw that was a good move. That would be hard for you to discern. Okay. But what but most of it was easy because even Kesan did this like weird cute like fake step and I was like we all popped off cuz it's just so clearly an identifiable intuitive thing. So I guess what are you providing? I provide hype color commentary and then I have Chris who is like really is intelligent and good at basketball and you need Chris is what you're saying. Well I need someone like him. Yes. You need a pro. You need somebody to balance you out. You need a you need a player. You need a There's always color. There's always play. I do think that is a good idea. I think if you had like a like a a knower, you need a knower. That's how that's all the great duos. Do you know Ernie Johnson, the the muppet? No. Johnson. He's that is that lesbian young person with a partner. Ernie Johnson is like strings. Your ceiling would be again. He's a muppet. I don't know what he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a NBA color commentator. Great. And well, I'd be play by play, right? No, you would not be play by play, Aiden. For two, you just said you were color. Like, I I don't know the difference. I need to learn that. Okay. Well, I learned that. It's easy. I was walk Someone told me that there was an NBA player who was potentially coming to basketball yesterday. Uh what was his name? Someone Williams. Was it Grant Williams? Grant Williams. Oh, Grant Williams. Yeah. And uh and I I was, you know, it's kind of cool. I want to see an NBA player in the building. So, I'm walking around. I'm very I'm very tepidly like should I ask if that's the NBA player is like I was like but I wanted to know I was like looking I and then I saw your co- commentator stand up and I'm like I'm like is that the NBA player? They're like no. And I'm like ah I was I was kidding. I don't know. Joker. Well, there was there was a guy who was around that worked there and he was really nice and he was really tall and he started playing with us after the event was over and then he wasn't an NBA player but he did play pro and it was and he was like, you know, the tallest person in the venue. Is there pro basketball that isn't college or NBA so much? Yeah, college isn't pro. Mo most of pro basketball is not NBA. Yeah. But pro basketball is those are better players than like D1 college students. That's the idea. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I And not maybe not individually all the time, but the teams collectively collectively that they So it depend like pro is such a usually it's referred to as overseas and there's like European leagues then there's like uh what's the league called? I guess the American pro league. It probably depends on the league too, but there's a ton of them. There's many leagues. There's many many. biggest league after the NBA is the the Euro League and the European League is and that's the Euro League is really good and I think individual countries also have their own leagues and there's like continents of leagues. This guy had played in Central America and like a South American league and there's like a Bosnian basketball league. Yes, there's a Bosnian basketball. I mean Bosnia might be small enough that they might just have like one pro team for Bosnia. I want to be on that one. I don't know if they maybe they have a whole league but maybe it's not like pro. But there's like leagues in, you know, China and Taiwan. And if it's interesting because if you go watch foreign basketball leagues, you'll see like like in the Chinese league for example, it'll be like, you know, a bunch of Chinese guys and then like a few random black and white guys. That's the get ready to learn Chinese. Yeah. Get ready to learn Chinese, buddy. It's like you can't And what people will do at the end of their NBA career sometimes is like they aren't good enough. Maybe they aren't good enough to stay at the level of like playing time or salary that they're seeking in the NBA. Or maybe just an NBA team won't pick them up anymore, but a Chinese team or a European team will pick them up. Like Dwayne Howard recently played for I think a Taiwanese team and he had won the championship with LeBron in 2020. Man, is there like a version of that for streaming? Like a retirement home? Get ready to learn Chinese, buddy. There are not really. I mean like cuz there's not like a the idea is that the level of talent you need to be to compete in the NBA is so high that you're going to what is still pro which is still better like way way way better than you know the average player like a like a very much a professional but like not NBA level. I don't think that exists for like a streaming site. It's not like a baby streaming site that you can succeed on. No. Yeah. Like a like a old folks home where like you play slower games and do slower IRL content and the competition on the website is smaller. oatmeal. No, there's we go Billy Billy. No, cuz like the the competition for Billy Billy is still high. It is. Yeah, of course. Some people This is I I don't know how viable this move is anymore. But there were some content creators over the years that were like they were just struggling to make it on Instagram or YouTube. like, you know, stuck in that phase where you're successful enough to do it part-time or full-time, but you're not actually making very much money. You're not making more than you might with a regular job. So, they would pivot like learn a really tiny amount of Chinese and then try to make it on Chinese social media sites based on the novelty of not being Chinese but being able to speak it. Oh, wow. So, there was one specific guy, I can't remember his his name, but he doesn't know how to speak fluently, but he just learned how to impersonate popular Chinese songs really really well. And his whole thing was he just made Chinese covers of music. Yeah, it's White Boy Does Impeccable Chinese. He had like a Nick Mullen has a streaming career on Billy Billy. That is that if if that can happen, then anything can happen. But it's so niche. Like it's not like overseas basketball where there's more people doing that than the NBA. Yeah. What are you gonna do? By the way, guys, me and Slime are about to be massive celebrities in Hollywood. Okay. Oh, I forgot. We're about to be just ab like you two are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We're leaving you guys. We're going to blow up and act like we did not know. We got asked we got asked to be extras in a movie in a in a film. A picture. A picture even. Um and we were there. We were waiting for our time to, you know, drink beers in the background, do whatever. And they were like, "Hey guys, we actually have more in store for you today. We want you to have some action and we want you to be in the close-up." Oh, also we had lines and we had lines. We had wild lines. Kind of crazy. And they were like, they were like, "Just do your thing." They trusted us. Immediately trusted us. They were like, "Yeah, you guys just do your thing." And so we had to hold back out on a little celebrity called Eric Grey Hill. I don't know if you know him. Um, we had to hold him back in a bar fight. He's about to be the biggest celebrity in the world. It's like a um horse name. Yep. And uh and we were breaking up the bar fight and me and Slime are like holding this guy back while he delivers the really the main lines you're listening to. But then me and Slime would throw out like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, bro. Bro, relax. Chill. You guys good? Chill, dude." Um and uh I don't know, man. I'm excited. This is my brain. First off, excited for you, too. Second off, I know it's a small shoot. What? What are you talking about? Because there's no way you would be allowed to have lines if it was a SAG shoot. So, it wasn't a SAG shoot. This guy doesn't know the business. This guy doesn't know the business. He just doesn't know the He thinks it's a Sag. He thinks whatever SAG is like, "Oh, it's got to be Sag. It's got to be union. It's got to be all some shit." Like, I'm not in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] union. Like, we haven't hired extras and not paid them. Okay, so you're saying two different arguments. He's saying he's in the union. You're saying we haven't done that. We don't do that cuz we're a small [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shoot. That's not sad. We need to get our stories. He's like he's like the better call this. He like everyone thinks he's in the union. He faked all his paperwork. So, you're pretending you're in the union? Yep. It's like, dude, it's like cheat. It's like lying on a job interview. It's like, yeah, I went to Harvard. What are you going to do? Check, but we're going to bust the union from the inside out. How much is Krilla? The money The money The money thing comes later. The money's not important. The money comes later exposure type. Did you get paid though? Yeah. In We got paid in the in the opportunity. You're talking about money. You get cash being able to be on camera away. So, it's like Yeah. And you gave it and we use the time valuably. So, you gave them money. When people watch us, they they take their time to watch us. So, we are getting paid in their time, right? This isn't going to be your most critical moment. What does that have to even mean? Who is that? Do you know how he blew up? No. He was an extra uh in the Hunger Games movies. What? That's not This was like a big blow. I mean, he was a big YouTuber, but then this like catapulted him even further. I didn't know that at all. Like like Yeah, he was like a Call of Duty commentator and then he went to like Variety and then he was an extra in the Hunger Games. I was watching him way before the Call of Duty stuff. Uh middle school. That's why I'm confused. He was a big YouTuber before that. Yeah, but like his quap his quap voiceover. He had he was definitely a big YouTuber. Yeah, but I think this is like the like this was huge. I think it's like his first. I think he has a very clear defining line in his head between being big on the internet and being big in real life. And he's constantly trying to like cross over to that be like us cuz now we're big in real life. Yeah. It's like Luca Donic's about to send a really weird video to us too. It wasn't a weird video, bro. It's my boy, dude. Get him on here, bro. I would never get him on here. Come on. Cuz of him. I'll I'll step out. Come on. I want you to live your dream. No. I mean, I'll chop it up with Luka. Like, we'll do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on my stream for sure, but like such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. It's just not for y'all. Why? Why not? I've been a fat mama day fan since day one. Cuz you call him fat. That's why you two are too Hollywood for him. Okay, now I'm on your side. That's probably He doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the Hollywood sort of, you know? I mean, when you get big, you got to let some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go. He just manipulated us. I think I did. I think so. I think we just got masterfully manipulated. He's right. He's right. That's crazy. It just be me and Luca chopping it up. Wait, can you get removed from YouTube? You call him fat. You only have one line in the Sopranos within seconds. Call him fat. No, Reddit calls him that. You said it within seconds. Copied it. Okay. So, should I be paring Aiden surprisingly bad at basketball? Yeah, whatever, dude. I'm over it. See, 90 minutes and he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clean. That's impressive. That's impressive. I love it. That's impressive. I got to give it to him. And I was glad I got ahead of that story to be there with him to ankle. Ankle. Did you find a zipper? I I'm probably out for What did you ask for? I missed it, too. Zipper, can you look up one line on the Sopranos on YouTube? One line. Is it called? Is it a line that? It's just just I'm I'm helping out by just saying what I need Googled and then it'll show up. There it is. So, click that. This guy's name is Eric Winer or Weiner. That's definely Weiner. Uh, can you hit pause? He was in a show on MTV, which is actually pretty good, called Scratch and Burn, and it was like a musical like rap comedy show. I've I liked it, but I was a teenager. Anyway, this guy, he had one line on Sopranos, but before that, he was like a comedy guy. He's really funny. So, uh, and you've been watching The Sopranos while I brought this up. I don't know if you've seen this episode, but, uh, he was in an episode and then he made this. This is 2008. You can play it. I'm probably best known for my part on the Sopranos. So, here's a little story about that. And so, he has a whole uh music video. Anyway, can you skip ahead to where he's like looking like a construction worker? Yeah, keep going there. There. Okay, go back. Yeah, right there. So yeah, that's it. But yeah, he he his he's a construction guy. He's like, "Leon, take your break at two." And uh and it was kind of his big break and and he's still getting residuals. And he's still getting residuals. I would hope so. Damn. That's like uh Jason Nash was on Drake and Josh. He had like one line as a waiter. Who is that? Jason Nash is a YouTuber who's part of the David Dori vlog squad. But that's mostly irrelevant. the the dude who's like way too old to be hanging out with all night. Exactly. Right. Yeah. And he It's crazy, bro. He was on Drake and Josh. He had a line on Drake and Josh kids show. Kids show. He was a waiter and he like slipped on a banana peel or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and fell and like dropped spaghetti or something. Well, that sounds awesome. That's going to be us. He's going to be us. We were way more revolved involved in the scene. We were like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, here it is. Here it is." Dude, he looks like William Defoe. He's so old. That is That is so long ago as well. Yeah, he was not that old here. He's like your age. 35 probably. That's a hard 35. I don't know. He doesn't look bad at all. Can I judge another 35-year-old man? Can I look at a grainy screen cap video? This is It's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich that you guys liked to argue about how you don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] objectify and are mean to people for 30 minutes when YouTube just constantly do it every opportunity available. It was hard. Do you know what people say about me? Why does that give you the right to fire back? What does it not? Is it not the only reason older than all Islam has the right to defend itself? Wow. So I'm Israel now. Yeah, that's what you are. Awesome. That's awesome. The second time you've been Israel on this podcast. Wait, no. I both times I vehemently rejected the analogy. Unless we're off the bottle. I was just going to say that Josh doesn't get residuals. Well, uh yeah, but Jason Nash does. And that was his one scene I will never forget. I being in the line for a house party in Seattle and and a girl told me that I reminded her of Jason Nash. I was 22. That's so mean. That is the meanest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they ever said to you. That was really nice because it wasn't based off your looks. It was just based off your personality. I think it was based off of the conversation we had had. Cuz he was the funny one in the vlog squad. He's 52. Yeah, that's that's Unk. He's probably a vibe. Honestly, we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about him too much. It's not. It's just a father. Sure. David D is 28. He's still pretty young. Damn. You He moss you. You what you just said? Yeah. 28. Still young. Can't ever let go of that now. You're going to be 29 in like No, bro. Bro, I'm 28. I'm 28. You're always saying you're old, you're 30. You said he's young. Be 29 so soon. Yeah. You'll forget probably. You won't even say happy birthday that day. 28. Uh, yeah. We're going to be celebrities. We're very close. I'm excited for you guys. The second that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] releases. Yeah, we quit. And they'll definitely use our shots. I'm down. Oh god, they might not. Will you guys remember me? Um, no. We'll forget about you pretty quickly, but I'll like I I think if I did remember you, it would only hinder my career. I'd probably remember the ways that you held me back and didn't hug me. That he will remember. Held you back. Yeah, he might. It didn't hug his fair. Yeah. Held you back. Didn't not hugging me held me back until it motivated me to go out and make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn acting career of my own. So I did get in a picture. Yeah, but not on purpose. You didn't like I bound that motivation on purpose. I found the motivation myself. You don't think I hold back hugs cuz I know that fires you up. Yeah. Master manipulator. Master manipulator. That's what you do. I fire you up. Yeah. What up? Yeah. Then my mom has to come fight my battles. My mom has to be like hug him more cuz it actually lowkey [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bothers him. She's like she's like a warrior princess. What's that about? What are you doing? She She's like that. Yeah. She's like a beautiful powerful warrior princess. Why are you gazing off like you're lost in a like a trance of thought his mom? Yeah, his Nick's mom. Nick's mom. Beautiful. Beautiful warrior princess. [Music] No, don't don't don't cuz it's going to be hands. But you look at her the wrong way, bro. It's You're not going to like that side of me. She should come in. But he didn't say he didn't say Mrs. Cuz she's not far away. That was first name. So we could just say it. I call her war princess her damn face on this damn podcast. You think we're scared of that? I had to come. And by the way, I walked in here and she's like doing more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around the office, fixing it up, making it look nice. She instantly like, "So, you don't like my layout, huh?" And then she punches me in the arm like seven times. Were they hard punches? They were pretty hard. And I said, "You know what? I deserve that." Did you swing back? Maybe another one. But then he continued to levy criticism. I We talked about it cuz I don't run away from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't run away from conflict. I'm like, "You know what? Let's talk about it. Here's what I think." And she's like, "Here's what I think." And then Aiden chimes in with his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] earbuds. And I'm like, who was talking to you? You don't make decisions here. You're basically a slave. I chimed in with the opposite. I was because they're going back and forth about the layout. And I looked over at her and I was like, "Just so you know, he doesn't have any say in this." She She was like instantly like, "Oh, I know. That's what I'm about to say to her. She just wants to prove you wrong." And I know. And that's why she's It's in our blood. Powerful warrior queen. Why does that bother you? Don't like the way he's approaching saying it. What is your problem? Would you prefer she's not Benjamin? Are you leaving? Yes. Bye, Ben. Our friend Ben is leaving off camera. What? Hug line, dude. Oh my god. Hug. That's crazy. Don't look. Don't look. Don't look. Don't look. Don't look. Got up to give him a Don't look. Don't look. They just talked. They just talked. They just talked. They just talked. Got up. Nick's been doing this thing where he speaks in just the worst PWA accent, saying words that don't make any sense. Yeah. Like when uh when T1 was going for Adacon. Yeah. What' you say? Adakon. Yes. He kept he kept doing it with more and more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] More gusto. More gusto. More confidence. Well, I mean, this is how you ended up on knock me off the track. No, because I'm using terms that are that are Puan at their core. What? Jesus, man. Dude, you cannot be saying I don't I can't even get it out. Potto-esque. Better better. So much better. Better. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Sure. Sure. So you're You know I get it. He's just saying. Yeah. Say it like I said it. What was that? What is that? That was saying it like he said it. He asked me how he said. You know what? We need Jar Jar Binks back. Jar Binks has culturally took all the heat off of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Give me a thousand years. He took all the heat thousand years of tries. I'd never get what he was going to say next. That was crazy. So out of Jar Binks, bro, in in I was in fourth grade when Jar Jar Binks came out, everyone was doing that damn voice. Yeah, it was hot as hell. Everyone was Misa Thinking. You're right. And no one had a problem with it. Small town Colorado will say that. He's saying that Jar took all the heat. So people had a problem with it, but it went to Jar Jar. Jar, it was like that meme with the soldier. George Lucas is the soldier. No, Jar Jar is the soldier taking the arrows to the back and we're sleeping safely doing our PWA accent and Jar is taking all the heat and we can say Adacon and no one cares. I was also I was also saying here I come I am Baron Nasher. Yeah, it's racist, right? Bro, you should play DJ in Street Fighter. I almost play DJ because of his lines except he's a charge character but he goes baby and it's so satisfying. He also fell asleep game five of MSI took a catnap. Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You sound like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nightmare. Game [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] five. It's just It's just I ruined games one through four with that and then I fall asleep. Then I wake up and I'm like League sucks. Who won? Uh Geng won stands. He's still in it, right? He's still got percentage. Does he? I think so. Yeah. Love was talking filthy about Faker. Love was like Faker sucks. He's not even top five. I've never said this. I've never said this. You did. You were like top five. You were like he's won. When people say that Figer's like actually not that good. It's so It's like when Otani has one bad game. It's like he he won last year, bro. I am totally understanding of this, but I think Faker is be being described as the best player still currently in the world. He's not the best player. Okay. Yes. Okay. I see. So that's it. No, but he was like he's not even top five. There's an argument. You It's like I feel like people say this season in season out, but his team keeps winning. Yeah. I think it's cuz he is the best member of his team and knows how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] win. But he's not important. I love saying he's not even the best on his team. Were you saying that? Well, Carrie is kind of nasty. But Kelby put me on game. He set me straight. Gave you a little history lesson. Gave me a little He gave me a little Hershy lesson. Yeah, he put you on his knee. Gave you a little unck wisdom. He bounced you up on his knee and now I'm giving respect, but he's not even the He's not the best mid laner. I mean, I don't know much. Chovi. Yeah, the guy who just won. Yeah, it's more like why are we taking shots at Faker? I'm not taking shots. It's just when you're people are in the room who don't understand league and you go, "Yeah, that's the best player in the world." No, you can't let that go. He hasn't been the best player in the world in a in a long time, right? I mean, yeah, dude. Imagine how awesome it would be if T1 just had a fat white guy on the team. Just one. Yeah. like Bob from Tekken. It's like, man, he's just he's just different. We had to draft him. I don't know what to say. Go. There aren't many fat league players. Uh yeah, because the game takes so much mental energy. You burn calories at an insane rate, too. Yeah. And you also don't eat all day. That's actually true. I lost weight when I was bombing 10 hours of League a day cuz I just didn't eat. It was sick. League is a hard game to eat while you play. And also, you're not going to you're not going to eat between you're going to pop Q. You're tilted or you're excited or you're going to pop Q. The dopamine cycle keeps you away from food. I was so proud of myself last night. I played two games, played horrendous, lost both. Wanted to play a third cuz I danked. And then I was in Q and then I stopped the queue. I said, "That's bedtime." That's really, dude, Brian F. I remember this. I was playing Street Fighter last night. I'm in a call with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Alex and the whole Chuckle [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gang. And they're just like they're saying like Iran has nukes and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. And I'm like trying to play, but I also want to just I just want to hear people talk. And I'm like tilted. I'm losing to people. And I'm like Brian F always told me never ever tilt Q. You never win if you tilt Q. So I would mentally reset every time. I'd talk to the guys. I'd say some funny [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'd reset, come back, queue again. I'd wait and it really helped me. And I lost MR that night. But it doesn't matter. Almost the same result. It was. But you know what? It felt better. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe you would have lost more. I probably would have lost more. I probably would have plummeted with my damn Cammy. I'm 1400 right now. Bow's in the house. Why don't you plummet your little asses into the Patreon episode, which we're about to go to. Fall like like in the Mortal Kombat like in in Mortal Kombat 4 when it's the game over screen and you're just falling and falling and falling and falling and falling into our content. Fall into our content forever that you have to pay for. Yeah. Archie, can you play it at the end and then it lands on the spikes? You keep getting hurt with League, too. We could pull up your dam with Lee. No, don't defend me, you little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about you. No, no, no. Don't do the Don't feel Don't do the I knocked on him earlier too hard. I'm going to defend him now thing. No, Jessie, you're good guy. Join in dunk pile. I He gave you a layup and you're going to be like, you know what? You know what? I don't dunk anymore. Dunking is offensive to me. I'm not going to dunk the ball. I'm just going to Now I'm eating a orange. Now I'm ate oranges now. I think you're being