 You didn't believe in our friend. I didn't say that. I just said he might be quiet. This is my my jungler's build, man. [Music] If you were in my game, man, I would I would What is rich? Yeah, it's rich, man. You're annoyed. Oh, you're annoyed. I'm glad to hear you're annoyed. Please tell us. I guess it's phone time. I guess it's phone time. It's always literally always phone time. It's phone time for for 30 seconds because we have a merch drop. I'm starting the timer, by the way. Okay. So, I'm annoyed because I'll come in here. You're annoyed. Yes. I'll come in here. Annoyed about what? We're past that. I'll come in and I'll say, "Am I sexual?" And that happens. Nothing. Nothing happens. You can do kind of feel the silent. You know, you're supposed to say, "Yeah." Yeah. Everyone's supposed to say, "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But do we try it? We've been We can try it. Yeah. [Music] Yeah. Oh, and on that note, uh, dude, what? You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one up. This whole episode we're about to have is going to be bad and it is Slime's fault. Yeah. Okay. It's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up episode. Well, why don't why don't we let our new friend restore the vibes? Well, hold up. Okay. With I because we have a new friend joining us. Okay. And yesterday slime goes up to this friend. Yeah. And he says L said you're gonna bomb tomorrow. You did. You did say that. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. If I tell you cutie looks fat in that dress, do you go to her the next minute and go, "By the way, says you look fat in that dress." Instantly. Yeah. In fact, I lay it on thick. I She He said you look like the Stay Puff Man from Ghostbusters. Remember that whole yard episode we had about if I caught you in the middle of a murder? Yeah. This is that for me. That's crazy. And with that, we are introducing our next guest, Leo. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Dude, I forgot he was up there and then I heard him chuckling when I was talking about the the bombing. Bro didn't do the skip. Skip cuz it's like the slide part. If you go backwards, you get the coins. You got to get really close to like I got to eat it. Eat that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Close to your your bones and your butt. Here's your drink. Uh that lind kind of messed up. All sorts of controversy around the drink. Great. It actually like came out, you know. Have you tasted it yet? Yeah. No, it's like not watered down. Perfect. I want to start my 30s on a new note of being nice and thoughtful. So, I offered to get everybody coffee. And honestly, I'm the most mad at Aiden. Yeah. Because I get up there, I go, "I have kind of a big order today." And she goes, "Okay." And I go through my list and they didn't have slimes cold brew that he wanted, but she found a workaround. Oh. And then and then Liam just wanted mocha. And I said, "Ice mocha, hot mocha." Mocha. No, you didn't. You did not. He did not ask [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucker. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. No, you didn't. You were. That's crazy. It's crazy. He said we have a whole discourse. I had a whole I I Slime told me you want mocha, which I Oh my god. I didn't want to be like problematic, so I was just trying to make it easy. You know why? I don't know like what's like I don't know where you're going. I Liam, I followed up and I said hot or iced. Whole milk or milk? But slime didn't tell me that. I know. Cuz slime's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Is it cuz I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucker or maybe cuz it was I was driving. I was drinking and driving. Okay. I don't brag about that. Right. Well, you do. I Okay. So, this is actually what happened. Said maybe ask Liam as well for for He said I'm getting coffee. I said yes, please. because that's how I talk to him. I begged and and and he said, "Ask Liam as well." I said, "Do you have a coffee order?" Liam said, "Any kind of mocha." You said, "Any kind of mocha?" Yeah. That's freak [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. There's only I can't lie to you. What? Saying any kind of mocha, but quietly in your head it being iced is crazy. And then when asked why you didn't just say iced, you said I forgot about iced. Yeah. No. Like, who the hell orders hot coffee? Like, wait. No. Nobody orders hot coffee. I can tell you something. I can tell you someone who does because after I finished the four drinks, the barista goes, "No cappuccino, so nothing for Aiden." Whoa. Wow. You little piggy. That happened. You're nasty little piggy. You're a predictable little pig. Zipper, can you Google the word coffee and go to images? That's Oh, that's that's like a step beyond the usual. You're not even there. They know. I'm not even there. She doesn't know my name, by the way. She said, "Is it is it What is the name again?" And she knows your order. Well, I know a few people that work there. Yeah, you do. This is Okay, so there was Yeah, I want you to focus up really quick. I want you to look at the pictures that come up when you just search coffee. Do you notice anything about that? This is like bougie like Italian cafe [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nobody's drinking this. What's the point of like latte art? Cuz like I don't understand. I figured it out. Can you look up white girl coffee? White girl coffee? It's like the It's like caramel like ice [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with a coffee. Yeah. That's Liam tastes good. Talked him. That one's hot. That is a hot coffee. Admit it, Liam. You just want you just want milkshake. There are way more ices. You just want milkshake. Mochas are like a middle ground. No. Ah, I'm sorry. It's chocolate in the coffee. Chocolate drink. It's I drink black at home. Does that help? But I put cream in it. Like a little bit. Wait, what kind of cream? Half and half. Okay, that's not like creamer. So, you go outside to get the mocha. You go inside and you cream on the inside. You cream on the inside. hot the out mocha and of cold hot food. Yeah. So, okay. There was a big discourse going. I was not watching my phone cuz I was driving and I was also listening to Backtory Boys the same song seven times in a row. It's also not I feel like the driving is not an excuse for you. You have more texting and driving tickets of than anyone I know. I have two. That's more than anyone I know. I got one in 2017 because he we live it was me, Nick, and Lewig living together and I was yelling at Lewig about three best friends. The three best friends. I was yelling at Lewig about the dishes and I was on my phone at a red light and then it turned green and then a cop got mad that I didn't go cuz I was yelling at him. That's still your fault, right? Uh it doesn't matter if it's my fault. Okay, we pulled you over for yelling. No, he I was sorry. I was texting Lwig in the group chat. He was texting but in his head he was yelling screaming. which doesn't make it better. I was so I mean I was so locked into being mad at Lewig again at a red light locked in on his phone while driving. Uh well, I wasn't moving. Crazy you remember the emotion 8 years later. I because it was a crazy ticket, but it was funny cuz the cop from behind me was like, "Hey, it's green in his like his megaphone." And then he pulled me over and then even when he pulled me over, he's like, "Dude, and then I lost the ticket, never paid it." And then I I got my license suspended. I didn't even know. Damn. What? That's a serious What happens when you don't pay a ticket? Yeah. You just don't pay, dude. That's what happened to Phantom. No. Yeah. Have you seen the the police body cam footage of him? What? There's Phantom get killed? No, he got arrested and the body cam footage came out. I mean, they didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill him. No, he just got arrested. Awesome. I'm glad that he's okay. Trying to eat a cop's donut out of his hand. Yeah. Did it for Phantom? Did they just stop him from eating meatball subs? Punishment. You can't You can't make that joke about him. Why can't I make that joke? Cuz you don't know him. Yeah, but you said today I said I want the coconut gold ring. You say, "Yeah, you look like you do. You look like you want that." No, I said that about Thin Mints. Oh, it's Thin Mint. You do look like you'd want a Thin Mint. You see how he treats me? Yeah, but coconut cold brew. Is that what you said? It's like a special thing. Yeah. You're grilling me for a mocha and you're getting like a coconut. No way. This is a good really. And welcome to Slime. The most hypocritical man on the plan. I would if I could kill you with my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it with me. I love that you said if. Yeah. If. Anyway, welcome to the podcast, Liam. Thank you. Do you think you're going to bomb? Okay. I thought I was and then Slime told me. Yeah. Like that you think I will. No, I don't. That's what you said. And then I was like, "Yeah, I'm definitely going to." And then I confronted you yesterday and you're like, "I didn't say that. I said I thought you were going to be quiet." Yes. But I feel like you said the word bomb. No, I didn't use the word bomb. Slime. Did you add that word in? Um, actually, why don't ask him instead of asking him if he said that if he added it in? What do you just What do you think from hanging out here for about 5 to 10 minutes? What do you do? You think he exaggerated or told you the truth? Yeah. I mean, he didn't say bomb, did he? Liam, I if I could I would never ever ever lie to you straight to your face ever. I would never do that. And he Lwig came up to me. I said, Liam's coming. I I orchestrated all of this. I reached out to Liam. I'm a big fan of Liam. I said, we had a like, what kind of guest do we want for the rest of the year? I'm like, Liam, you know, all this is true so far. All this is true so far because I tell the truth. Who's your dream about last night? Liam. Liam is in my dream and I know I arrange all this and I say and he and he comes and I see him at the at Lewig's birthday party yesterday and I said Lwig said you are going to bomb and also ruin the podcast for the future for the for life. Okay. He said you were going to be a black mark on the podcast for the entire duration. That's what you told him. I did. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He said we might have to refund all the Patreon money for a month because they're going to be so upset, which is crazy. Yeah. And what's crazy is I meant every word, Liam. But the first 10 were doing good. Uh, yeah. You know how Liam introduced himself to TK last night? Wait, no. Is this Was that a bad introduction? This broke my heart. Ah, come on. This broke my heart. Oh my. Well, no. I'm just curious. You introduced yourself as a washed Mario 64 speedrunner. I didn't say washed. You did, but you did. I had some drinks. I think I said retired. No, you said washed. Okay. Are you washed? No, but I'm like rusty. That's not the same. Okay. Okay. That's what I was going to say. I was like, you're not washed. You had a world record. Why you call yourself washed now? You've had three world records. Yeah. Damn. I didn't even know that. He said three world records. Could you world record again? Yeah. 70 120. 120. Like the important one people care about. Yeah. What do we got? Do we got to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hurt Suigi? Yes, we have to hold Suigi up by his his ankles and the change will fall out. The change will fall out. Swirly time. The cat ears get stuck in the toilet and he still goes home in PBS. Oh, he he might pee in the toilet being a swirly. Yeah, we were talking about last night. It's like damn, he just he just decimated the categories. It's actually very beautiful. We've we've talked about Suigi on this podcast and then I'll bring up Liam and then everyone goes Liam the Mario Kart Runner. What? No, you're joking. I don't have to tell you. That's your legacy now. You play horror games. Well, I guess you don't run it. You just casually play it. You play horror games like the spaghetti game. You play $5 itch io games that were developed. They're free. I don't pay for them. I do like Wordle. Like people love Wle. The mini cross word. The Wordle guy is a worse thing than the Mario guy. No, but like you can be good at Wordle. You can be what? I've got Mario. From all mom is really good at Wordle. I believe that. Yeah. She's on like a 1,00 day streak. You have to get the gamer jeans from somewhere. Yeah. Uh but I don't think you want that to be your legacy. You want it to be awesome Mario 64runner. You want to be on your deathbed with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mario decorations everywhere. But I've done enough. Right. It's not kind of facts. Okay. Let's Let's I mean, you tell us. Mount Rushmore 64 speedrunners. Oh, I'm not on there. Really? Like no. Okay. Armada and the chair he farted in. Okay. Oh, that's too that's too smart. They say it still smells. Is that true, Leo? Yeah. Can you speak to that? I mean, like people say it's fake, but it's not, right? Like he has like a guilty look on his face when he does. He looks incredibly guilty in that video. It was the chair. It was the chair. Like an anime girl does. His cat threw up in the background. Yeah. John Rushmore. I'm actually curious. Okay, so four spots, right? Yes. Okay. You have to put Sig to Glick. You do because I didn't watch back then, but it's hard to like judge older eras cuz you try to compare him to like now and they look like they suck. I mean, he does relatively. He sucks, but it's like Jerry West, you know? Like I don't know who that is. He's the He's the like the face of the like the NBA logo. Oh, he's the silhouette. He's the guy. He's the guy. That's crazy. I actually didn't even know this. He averaged like 38 points in a finals, which is like really high. But if he were to play nowadays, he'd probably get smoked a bit cuz he did that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the 70s and he's the only person to win a finals MVP when the other team won. Well, we were Me and Liam actually spoke about this a lot last night where it was like we used to all play versus plumbers and now we play versus the kiddos and now we play as the plumbers cuz that's what Mario is. Think about that. But gaming has shifted and Liam thinks that even Super Mario to an extent is uh it's uh what do I how do you describe it? You were like it's kind of a a fake win because there's not that many people actually trying. Yeah. So you you said it because you were like I don't want to play Melee because I'll never be number one and there's so many good people. That's what I said. Yeah. But aren't you you're competing because it's speedrunning. You're competing against all the people that came before you at once. kind of m which is kind of what I said but there's not that many like I think submitted 120 runs there's under a thousand like it's really not that many like over like 10 plus years but I think it's cuz the floor to get a run that's submittable is so high like yeah I think also there's a lot of people who probably try grinding it and give up there's probably more people who do that I don't think you need you need like 500 hours in the game to be able to submit a wrong definely Not that for like a sub too. Oh yeah, but you can people have like 10our time submitted. No shame. That's what I do. Like that's a loser move. I submitted like a 5 hour 120 star time. But that's it's cool to be on there like at all. I don't think so. It's not cool because there's no barrier. You're just playing the game and then doing the work of submitting your I've uploaded my playthrough. It's like I meant to go to how longtobe.com and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. They need a 30 under 30 category for They need a 30 over 30. 30 over 30. 30 over 30. And it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me and Slime with our eight hour times. So your first one your first one is Sigmik, who I've been on a road trip with, by the way. Really? Really? Because he Yeah, because he played Melee and he was from my region. We drove to a tournament in Oregon together once. But wait, was that before his Mario? No, that was before. And Aiden said, "Have you heard of Mario 64 in? Like never heard of it." Got him onto it. Yeah, he was pulling Kai numbers back when there was only one person streaming on the site. He's not pulling Kai numbers. He was pulling Kai numbers. He was pulling Well, he was pulling more than Lewig numbers. He was pulling Kai numbers inflated like a 30k a 30k stream in 2013. Yeah, he was the Kai of 2013. Yeah. It's like when you when Yeah. When you take dollars from like 1950, he was doing Kai number. That's what I'm saying. He said it as much as Kai. He did. That's the Well, Mario used to say it, too. They passed that out of the game. Bowser still does. Yeah. What? He goes, he played it reversed. So, all right. So, it's a gleamic sigle. Um, I mean, you just put squeegee on there for sure. Sure. Because I mean, he's like done it all. That's like the fastest time to get on Mount Rushmore. I feel like couple years. I don't even know. Yeah, it feels like a like a few years dominated every Timothy Shalamé on Mount Rushmore. It's like, well, it's a little recent, but he should be earned it objectively. And he did own slaves. Yes. Or the challenge. Let's not Let's move on. Probably both. Next. I I like I don't know. But hold on. Let me think. There's an easy one here. Cheese. Yes. Yeah. Cheese. Because he dominated 120 for a while. He had the record for so long. I think he had like the longest hold of it. Yeah. And then I beat him and then you beat you. No, but I don't think cuz I don't know who the next one would be. Like honestly, is it is there someone is it P and Co? No. Why? Why? Why not? Because I don't think he's good at speedrunning. Who cares? I love Pannin. Sometimes he shows up in my chat and it's like I'm like starruck, but like completely different communities like Tassing and Runners. Sure. It's Maybe it can just be like Clint. Maybe just put Clint on there. Is it Clint? Clint birthed you. Clint could maybe get it for Ocarine of Time 100%. He birthed you. Dude, you said this. This is such a funny thing. Remember when you went on a trip? Liam went on like a trip and he didn't stream for like a week and instead of just being no nothing live, he just streamed his old uh PBS for like like a marathon. So, it's like Liam from years and years ago looks way different. What a terrible idea. Dude, that idea was dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everyone watched it, bro. You were still getting like a,000 viewers and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the ad revenue. Yeah, because it was like But you're goated. What? A lot of people like never saw that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it's like very cringe for me to watch cuz like I acted very different. Like let let me No, no, no, no, no. You don't have to. No, not bring Don't worry, we have a TV. We'll bring it up here if it's better. It was I So we I was So I'd watch it. I'm like, "Oh, damn." Yeah. And everyone's making fun of how different you are and all this stuff. And I I messaged Lewig. I was like, "You see this Liam marathon that's going on?" And Lewig just said Clint made Liam. He You were super Clinty. What do you mean? You were Clint. I think it means that you I mean, did you watch Clint back in the day? Clint was like the only guy I watched. But like like you just adopt mannerisms of who you watch. Yes. I I've done this many of times. Famously from Northern Lion. I watched like too much Northern Lion and then I started talking about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Costco like I've been like I that that's just how it works sometimes. Or Bobby Scar. Or Bobby Scar. Yeah. I mean that's the real one. That's your Clint Stevens. Yeah. That's my OG Clint Stevens. Um so yeah, I think I think that's normal. Uh especially when you're first doing it because you don't even know what to do. So you're just kind of doing what you saw the guy do. Yeah. And you have like no viewers too for like a long time. Yeah. How many viewers did you have back then? like five. Like it was Yeah. I don't know. What year did you start streaming? 2017. Oh, that's the same as me. You were like No, no, you were you were out of high school. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, never mind. For a while. For like 10 years in 2017. Yeah. No way. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking about? You weren't. He's an old sage man, bro. You're 26. I think I'm the oldest person here. You're 26 years old. I have a year. I have a year on you, Slimer. I wish I wish. I wish dude bald Liam it's funny I'll I'll be streaming like Melee or something like watching a tournament and on game fives I have a rule where anyone can post asy and bald Liam is one of the most popular request yeah absolutely the bald Liam asky terrible great hair I'm not doing that hairline check no you're scared a little cuz I have a widow's peak so it's like but people are going to say I'm receding like my chat I so I don't show them but are you receding No, we can blur it out. Yeah. What if we just What if we censor it? You'll do that. 100%. Okay. But I'm not Be honest. Am I Oh my god. You have There's nothing wrong, dude. Your hair is censoring it. Okay. This is what This is what anti-bball propaganda does to young men. I was waiting to see the Batman logo. Yeah. I was I was like, "Oh, it's going to be a a carnage." The McDonald's arches are real back. Like I think it used to be worse. I don't know. It was receding, then it grew back. Yeah. I don't think that happened though. In his mid-30s. Yeah. You're fine. Or something. You should keep uh you should keep Turkey on the on the space docket. Yeah. At least know how to get there, what plane ride to take. But I have you heard of the guy. There's like someone who went to Turkey and then he killed himself because or like Okay. He got a hair transplant and then the doctor like trolled him and like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up his hair and then the guy killed himself. Yeah. You guys Yeah. Like right after or like after a little bit? I don't remember what he did. Did he kill himself because of haircut or did he just kill himself? No, it was related. Okay. Okay. Because like I just have to ask. Running it. So you So you're like in your open casket. You have hair. Oh, low key. Yeah, that'd be I mean that'd be great. Not the worst idea. If I die like tomorrow and I have an open casket, but I have a full head of hair like Tony Star. Do you guys can you guys just not say anything? Yeah. As a joke for everyone else, I would do that. Just like Yeah. Yeah, I was dying wish people People People like walk by like, "Damn, I thought he was bald." And then Aiden would chime in and be like, "No, no, hold time." Whole time. You're invited, by the way. You can come my Oh, wow. I I cornered Liam last night and we were talking about video games and I was asking cuz he was like, "Is it worth to start playing Melee? We had a conversation about that and I I realized after our conversation I may have incepted the the worst day of his life and the wor and honestly the worst day of all the people who watch you on streams lives coming up soon which is uh I made him interested in playing League of Legends a little bit. Dude, I did this too with someone at the party except it's not a day. I convinced Shroud to do a month of League dude. I said I I go to Shroud. I go league month and he's like what is that? And I'm like you're good at shooters. Every shooter you play you're amazing at. He's like yeah that's true. Yeah. And I was like how how good are you le? He's like not very. I've never played it. I played like a blanc once. I was like that'd be fun to watch. Why'd you say month? Cuz I said can you beat my record of hitting plat but in a month giving him a shorter timeline cuz he has some Dota reps and he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shroud and he's got a gamer. Yes. Oh man. So he's going to do one month where he tries to hit Plat in the course of that month. Did Shroud streaming to 700 people? No, I think it's going to be electric. I think it's going to be electric. And if it kills career, Shroud viewers come to me. Yeah. Got you. I was like the re the main reason I started playing League originally was I didn't like how whenever I saw League like culturally like watching it or big events, I didn't know what was going on. I was like, I want to play enough to where I know what's going on. That's not why I play now, but that's why I started. And I got to a point now where I feel like I get it and I can like explain how League works. And he was asking all the questions I was asking when I wanted to know how League worked. And I So I was like, "Oh my god, yes, I get to find I get to break it down for someone." And I broke it all down. And then I saw him like right before I left the party. I was like, "Uh like, all right, I'll see you tomorrow." He's like, "Yeah, I'm excited to play League now." And I and I walked away like I smoked crack in front of my little brother. I was like I What did I do? That's worse than when I gave Cam a pack of cigarettes. Yeah. Yeah. Cam who I saw when leaving was smoking a cigarette smoking cigarette day. The sorry to the Liam community. Dude, that's really really funny. I will not be tuning in. Yes, you will. Oh my god, I would love to watch that. Is League like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to watch? Uh I think Okay, it's frustrating to play. Uh cuz people all know thousands of hours more than you. So they're always going to tell you how to play to watch. I don't know. It it some people will just tune out. I think it's a good game like like like I watch like S for example and he just talks the whole time cuz he's smurfing but like yeah but he also S runs it down with Fiora in ways I've never seen. I think it's fun somebody learning the game. It's not fun to watch somebody who's like hard stuck like a emerald or diamond just play 10 hours trying to climb out. But I think it come becomes fun again when like you're one of the best players. You sm down to master again and then you just talk the whole time. Are you thinking about playing this on stream? Is that what you took away from the plan? Okay. I have a lot of free time, but I play like only old school Runescape. So maybe what I think it's so it just I cuz I know cuz on on stream you'll have the tiniest little like four by four pixel window of of your old school Runescape game and I every time I'm reminded it exists I'm like oh schizophrenic. What does that mean? What do you mean? It means that the walls have teeth. Yeah. You're scared of the wall. Sometimes I do two accounts like on the other monitor. Dude, that's normal though. Like in the community, you'll be you're three boxing. Two. But the first box is Mario. Oh yeah. So three or something else. Yeah. So okay, you you famously took a really long break. How long was the break? I've taken like a lot of long breaks. My longest one was like a year and a half. Like a year and a half. You didn't say anything. You just stopped. Oh, yeah. I thought that was like hilarious. So, I didn't even talk. I didn't even message like my best friends for like a year and a half. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. It was like It's like a prank, right? No. Wait. What did you do with your time? Yeah. Well, this was like co so no one was doing anything, right? What do they think you died? Yeah, I would think you're dead. I think people said I went to jail was like a popular like theory. Liam's in jail. No, it it was the world's most coincidental and greatest stream buff of all time because numbers went through the roof. They were crazy. Yeah, they got a lot better after for some reason. And you just didn't stream for 18 months of it. Yeah. Wait, so you left for Hold on. I mean, I'm I'm late to the Liam lore. You left for like a year and a half, and when you came back, you were a bigger streamer. Yep. And all you do is speedrun Super Mario 64. Yeah. Because I think during that time um a lot of like big streamers started playing or started speedrunning Mario 64. So like a lot more people were like in the community I guess. Well, that's so You're so lucky. What was it? What was incredibly lucky? The year and a half. What were you doing? I was playing Rootscape like and just like I was just rotting I guess. Damn. Were you depressed? I don't think I've ever been depressed, but dude, I just I have to chime in for a moment. I feel like you might have been depressed during the like the the year and a half. Well, how about this? How about you just walk us through what a day would look like? Okay. I'd wake up at like 1000 p.m. Okay. 10 p.m. Guys, let them finish. Yeah. It might have been like 8, but I never saw the sun cuz I had like blackout curtains. Um, I think I would wake up. Oh my god. I would rotate my meals. I would have like macaroni and cheese or frozen pizzas or I think just like ramen. Okay. And then or I go to Wendy's a lot. Okay. Like I love Wendy's. Do you still love Wendy's? No. Okay. Um I I think I just played Runescape. So you played Runescape and rotated three different meals. Like you would play Runescape for like what, like 12 hours? like 16 16. My bad. My bad. So, what is your what were you taking a break from? Okay. Yeah. Was it just going live? I I think this was after I got world record. So, I like I had like it was a good it was like a break. I was like burnt out. That was the main thing cuz I used to play Mario like 12 hours every single day. Like I'd be live for that long and it kind of got miserable. So yeah, I just stopped. Did you finally hit? Did you get burnt out on Runescape? That used to happen, but now I I don't like I still play like too many hours. How close are you to max level? Uh I don't know. But or like I'm 500 hours away. So you're close. Yeah, but it's there's like way more to it than maxing. Wait, what? Yeah, I didn't know this. There's like the big thing is like I mean I guess it like depends on who you ask but bossing and like getting top gear. It's very it's a mechanical game. So wait, Runescape is about bossing and getting top. Yeah. Okay. And top gear. So maybe we start playing this. There's there's a surge of like WoW streamers playing Runescape right now and it's really cool. People love it because they've never played it and they just love like seeing new players play it. I I thought it was really just getting max level and then everyone in the server would be around you and then you do a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] animation and then you log out forever. That's like kind of like um like if you're autistic I feel like you'd enjoy that cuz it's like really degenerate like 100 just to be clear who ate only macaroni and cheese frozen pizza and played 16 hours of Runescaping Day after beating Mario 120 star after beating Mario 120 star is is saying if you are autistic it's you don't understand like the severity of Runescape player there's a guy who like infamously they have like exper experience records where they like record it over like 24 hours or something. Mhm. He was grinding a skill for 24 hours, like literally straight, and he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] himself, and he was like sitting in his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for like the second half of the day, and then he still got second. He didn't even do it. Also, he's like, you are closer to him than us. I am not. You are. I feel you are dangerously comfortably dangerous. I'm smelling the chair. I'm clean a couple days ago. I'm fine. Wait, walk me through a day in your life now post break. Okay. Very changed. Okay, let's hear it. I like go for a morning walk. I wake up at like 11:00 a.m. normal. That's good. We've hit the A.M. Wow, that's progress. 11's good. That's right. My mom listening is like 11 is good. I don't understand. Okay. And then I get home from the walk and then I log into Runescape. Yeah. And yeah, I fire up the crack and I just And you're telling me there's never Runescape before the walk? No, I don't even go on my PC. How long is the walk? How many steps we getting? It's like 5 minutes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Hold on. So, so the walk to get out of your house is almost as long as the walk outside. That was as long as logging in Ruse. Yeah, but it's like I don't do it for health. I do it for like the mind like to see the sun, you know? Right. That Okay. Yep. Health. Can I Do you have an iPhone? Yeah. Can you pull up the health? My steps are pretty good, but I can show you how bad they used to be. It's I don't think you've ever seen any layers. Oh, I would love to see this. I would love to see I'm excited to see this. Let me Let me take a look. Let me Let me dive in here. I'm going to read it out for everybody. Okay. So, wow. This is the good, right? Yeah. Okay. So, just for everyone listening, you can you can go to the health app if you're on your phone. It'll tell you your your average steps. Uh and Liam over the past seven days averaging 3,000 steps. That's great. Which is 3,000 over seven days. Like 3,000 average daily. Oh, every day. Yeah. Fine. It's not bad. How is that not Isn't that good? Well, let's keep going. Uh this year, uh 2000. Okay. Um, last year uh 1,700 um 2021 300 dude that can't be true. Three digits. That's just your house. That's the square footage of your house. Sorry, it gets worse. It might be the square footage worse than that. It might be the square footage of your bedroom. If you go from March of 2020, the start of COVID, to February of 2021, he is averaging 140 steps, bro. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What? What? What? He wasn't depressed. I wasn't depressed. No. Oh my god. Yeah, I have like 85. But you know, 85 steps is crazy. Your phone if you like shake it for Yeah. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, I mean this is illuminating. This is what it takes. A brisk per minute. You could do You could do 100 in a minute. Yeah. A minute of walking is 100. You had days where you walked less than a minute. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't go outside because I would get my groceries delivered. So, I just like walk to the door, bring them in. Yeah. Were you fat? Do you think you'll pay for your crimes one day? I was heavier. I wasn't like fat at the time. What's your peak weight? I don't take my weight, but I don't think I've ever been like 200. I think like 180. You've never been a stinky two? I maybe not even that big of a deal. So, you guys have a scale here? Not here. Not here now. Um Well, I'm like, well, this is what this is what it takes to be one of the best Mario runners. I guess this is what it takes to be clear. This is what it takes to this is after he hit the world record. Yeah. And it cost him everything. Wait, but why do you look fit? Um, what happened? Like recently I've been like dieting, going to the gym. Oh. Oh, so you go to the gym? Yeah, that's part of the daily routine, but I go at like 1:00 a.m. cuz I don't like when people are there. We didn't even let you get through the daily routine. Yeah. To be clear, he's back now. So you wake up at 11:00. Mhm. Then you go on a 5minute walk. Sometimes So you're like a guy with like a perfectly healthy work ethic who just decides to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ignore it sometimes. Like you could go to the gym and you'll actually do it. This is a very like recent like within the last few months. Oh wow. I like never went to the gym before. Okay. What motivated now you do? Um I just like looked in the mirror. I was like what the hell happened? Looked in the mirror, pulled up your shirt and you're like oh no. I was I was in the office and I had my shirt off cuz I just got done working out and I'm walking around. I go up to Nick and I'm like do you think I'm fat? And he looks at me. He's like no. And then I was like, "Do you think I could stand to lose some weight?" He said, "Before I finished my sentence," he's like, "Yes." So after that, I was the motivation. I started eating salads. And then I And then he saw my skinty ass down 15. I'm down 15, too. Down 15. So now, 240. 235. I'm 185 now. All right. So you you go you wake up, you go on a 5 to 20 minute walk sometimes. You come back and now you're in the house. Now he's playing Runescape. Then it's Runescape. Oh, it's Runescape. Yeah. Yeah. And how long are we on Runescape? Maybe like 8 hours. There's a lot to do. But you go live at some point. Well, yeah, I've been on like a little break cuz I'm moving. I move every year. Um Why? Just like I've every apartment I've been in has been terrible. Like my What is this? True. Yes. You always The thing is he's always talking about his neighbors. Oh my god. I want to actually murder my neighbors. Like, I want to kill them. What's the beef? They I think they're morbidly obese because I don't understand how they can like my upstairs neighbors. I don't know how they can stomp so loud. It like Oh, so they're being loud. Yeah. Wow. Wait, you think I mean I thought you're the guy who's like, you know, talking at full volume in his room. No, you can't hear like voices, but the vibrations from the steps I can hear. So, I will like get my broom and bash. Oh, you're doing the broom thing. Damn. I'll vacuum it. That's like some six-year-old person text. Me and Adapt were trying to think of things that fell off. That's actually I thought that was one of them. Quieting down the upstairs. Quieting down the upstairs with a broom. I thought that had fell off, but apparently it hasn't. And then they stomped back like a bunch of children. And then like I I had like this rubber mallet that I like hit the ceiling with and I marked it like 200 times. I And it wouldn't You're losing your deposit. No, but I painted it and I like streamed it so it was content. Oh my god, you're genius. I color matched it wrong. You're an idiot. Roller coaster. I don't know what he's thinking to you, dude. It's like close enough that I don't think they'll see it. Okay, so you haven't moved out yet? No, I'm like in a week or two. When we all live together, the first place we all got together when Lewig was like basically had just started streaming. Um I I put like a really big load of laundry in the wash. Like I had like four months of laundry. created it all at once. And uh I think the laundry machine was already kind of on its last leg, but this took it over the edge and it broke it. You just broke and the entire downstairs of our house cuz we all lived on the second story and the first story was like living space like communal spaces. I flooded the whole house. It was like ankle deep water on the entire first story. And Lewig comes in my room. He's just like so mad. He's just like the house is flooded. I'm like what? I come downstairs and we're brushing water out of the house and we're like trying to see if a service will come and like like vacuum all the water out. And they were like the guy on the phone was literally like I'm going to be real with you. Like the cost you're going to eat if people find out this happened to you is so much bigger than what it's worth. Like just figure out a way around it. Like don't call us. And I was like okay. Cuz he was he wanted to like charge us like $6,000 something like that. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was gone during all this. It was very convenient. We shovel all the water out of the house and we the the only part it was kind of weird. The only part you could really see it was under our fridge which was like all the wood had like completely warped. Oh. Um but we just moved out and we were just like well if they don't notice like the mold isn't going to grow for a few months. And we moved out like the next month. We do like to So like the closet with all the carpet in it that is molded. There's black mold. I like to think of, you know, landlords as usually in the wrong, but they're cops. Sometimes sometimes they're in the right. Sometimes they get a raw deal. I I paid the price for this, the iron price, because in the next place we lived together, which was like another fairly normalsized place, I have a scar on my arm still. You see this right above the tattoo mark? It's a it's there was this like uh like kind of like a towel rack just bolted into the bathroom and it was extremely sharp. like these sharp edges and I just walked by it one day in the bathroom, grazed my arm, just cut so deep that I have a scar to this day. And then they had the audacity to email us and being like, I don't know why there's a towel rack in there. That's your guys. You got to take that out. And I sent them a picture of my scar. And I was like, that did this to me and it's not mine. They [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care. So, I paid the iron price for what you guys did. And you're you're slamming the broom up on the Have you ever met them? You should meet them. No, but I did go to my mail room to like find a package of theirs. So, I actually have the guy's like legal name. And I found him on LinkedIn, so I know like where he works. Oh my god. Liam. Liam. Liam. He's ultimately just walking around. No, that they left a very passive aggressive note in my door that was saying that. And they're like, we feel very threatened and horrified every day from the this the broom. And it's like, just don't stomp. And it's during the quiet hours. So, I've had a bit of a problem. I put on my my Apple Watch to measure how well I was sleeping and snoring and stuff like that. You know, I've been having nightmares. And it I looked at it in the morning and it just said my penis was small. What? Why? The health app is getting too detailed. It got all that from your pulse. Yeah. And also, I already knew it. Okay. So, safe to say I'm having terrible sleep. You know what? And I heard it could be your bed. Do you sleep on your stomach? Yeah. Well, I sleep on the floor first. That That is a What's step number one? to get you off the floor and I think the way I'd like to try doing that is with a Helix sleep mattress. You've talked about this a lot. I haven't been convinced, but my Apple Watch was very mean to me. I've got one at home and you've g got an awesome sleep quiz. It asks you all sorts of awesome questions um like what side you sleep on, your girth, your length. Um and it it accounts for that and it has a they have a special uh sleep zone technology that comes with a pump. That's true. That you insert into. Actually, one of my guest beds is a Helix sleep mattress. And initially Connor is sleeping in it. And then my mom came to visit, now she's sleeping in it. Oh, she wakes up hung every day. She wakes up uh hung off life. And also some things that we say in ad reads are are a little inaccurate. Um so if you would like to get a really comfortable Helix sleep mattress like I have actually at home cuz they sent me the Midnight Lux and I love it, go to helixleep.com/theard for 27% off sitewide during this seasonal sale only for yard listeners. The whole damn site at helixleep.com/theard for 20% off sitewide. 27% 27% off sitewide and the the the pump is not real. Helixleep.com/theart. Let them know the yard sent you. Yeah, let them know the yard sent you. And thanks to Helixleep for sponsoring this. Let them know they we take your sleep quiz at the very least cuz it's fun to press buttons and learn something about yourself. Yeah. Maybe you'll get Slytherin mashing your penis into the rough floor. Tell them the yard sent you and it's going to be trouble. Tell them the yard sent you and there's trouble to be had. No, back to the real episode. You might not want us to send him again. I'm not the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here. It's so when are the qu the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everyone, we're competing. Now you make your case and I'm going to ask some exploring questions. So they What time are they stomping? What? What? What are the air quotes? Well, they are stomped. How do we like So do you can you hear them on stream? Oh, no you can. I can. Yeah. No. Can you chat here? Oh, no. No. Cuz I have like a filter. Oh, okay. Sure. is like maybe can you show me what the stomping is like and you stomp with your feet? Yeah. Could you act it out? I mean the velocity I would imagine they're like Okay. So you think you think with intent they are going like this or do you think they're just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big and they got flat feet? I think they're you got courage up there. I think they're huge and they just like have no concern for like people around them. Okay. I don't think it's like malicious, right? Do you walk on your tiptoes? I do. I walk very softly because like I don't want to be a dick to my down to reason, but yeah. Yeah. What do you mean? I've got I've got bad news. Wait, what? I want Can you Can you go through your diet one more time? My diet? Yeah. What do you eat now? I usually eat like eggs in the morning. Like eggs and egg whites like almost every morning. Yeah. Yeah. I've been like slipping recently. I've been going to like a bagel store. Okay. It's like I kind You have like habits. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, and you didn't talk to your friends for how long? Like a year and a half. Sorry, let's go back. So, you're stomping normal for you. You're stomping or they're stomping around. Uh, what hours are they stomping? It starts at 7 in the morning. When does it end? They probably I Okay, I also don't understand when you're in your house, why are you walking? It will go for hours straight cuz don't you guy with 80 steps? Why are you walking? Why are you walking too much? You literally order. Don't they Don't they have room skate to play? Yeah. No. Don't they go to their desk and chill for like 30 minutes or back? I think this is a reasonable. Do they work from home? Is that the idea? They don't It's not like they're walking to leave. They're walking the whole day like 7 to what? 5. There there is a gap. So, it's like 7 to 9 and then it'll be like a couple hours and then maybe like 5:00 p.m. I think they do work like out and then they come home. What? Sorry. In the am I the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] argument, you're basically saying they're getting up and then they're walking around for 2 hours and then they're done. Yeah, but I wake up at 11:00. 11? So, and this wakes you up earlier. Yeah. With a throbbing headache cuz my walls are It's like an earthquake it feels like. And And when are you brooming? Like what? Like all times of day. Sometimes I do it when they're not even making noise. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait a second. No, I mean you It's a preemptive brooming, right? Just like, hey, I'm letting you know, you know, I'm up. I'm up and I If you start, I'm back. Yeah. I'm planning to actually go crazy like the last week I'm there cuz like they can't evict me. I'm leaving. So, and you've done it enough to make so many marks in your ceiling that you had to paint over it. Mhm. I stopped using the rubber thing, so I just use the broom, which doesn't mark it. And now the the question is, are you the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And you've never talked to him or sent them a note? No. But they gave you a note. They gave me a very like They give you a note. A note that like made my blood boil and I like ripped it and threw it away. Right. Right. Right. Like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] TV show. We've We're going to court. Uh yeah, we're going to court. Is there anything you'd like to add? I guess we've relayed all the facts. The It's before and after the quiet. It will go until like 1:00 in the morning. So it'll it'll 7:00 to 9, 5 to 1 in the morning. Yeah. And basically anytime they're at the apartment, they're clamping the clamps. Yep. Okay. And it's not just walking like it they are stomping. Oh, it's stomping. Stomping. And how many is it? How many of those fats up there? Oh, I I don't know. It might be like five. It's at least two cuz they said like us [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] five. Five people on just terrorizing Liam. They're running a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] new crypto. rolling around and punching everything. And who signed the note? Did they sign it? Uh, signed the five signed thicks and fat. So, remember who? Okay. All right. Well, yeah, we appreciate that, Jerry. Uh, I don't know if you guys want to take point on this. Um, I mean, I'll I'll throw my hat in the ring. I think uh Liam's in the right here. Really? Yeah. I think that it it's it just sounds like he is an immaculate neighbor. make sure that he he I mean for a while he his voice doesn't even travel. His voice doesn't travel. He talks at a very reasonable volume and he walks on his tiptoes and he walks on his tiptoes and he seems to only retaliate, right? Yeah. Well, sometimes he initiates after a long history of being aggressed from above. All right. Well, you have to expect that he's going to fight back for his own freedom in the spot. I mean, it's America. Now, if I could push the other direction, I I would say never having ever reached out to them and randomly hitting a rubber mallet on the roof. It's like an escalation during hours, they're not even making the noise, you know, almost like hitting a dog cuz what if they don't know that? Yeah. That the stomping makes noise. So, like, you know, when a dog pisses up like in in the house and you yell, you go, "No, you can't piss in the house." Yeah. And then they understand and they don't piss anymore. Liam's basically just yelling at the dog when he's just chilling because he remembered the piss now. And now the dog is reasonably terrified because he's like, "Oh, why can't I chill?" And then the dog's like, "What? I live in terror." So what behavior am I doing that's pissing him off? I don't even know. No, that's a great point, love, but let me let me say this. Let's say if you go upstairs, there is a gang of five 300B men running some sort of uh Ethereum mine out of an guys with the exact physique of Lwig. The exact physique of Lewig and they all baldled with like mustaches and leotards. Y and you imagine they open the door and it's like Zangief from Street Fighter and you're just like uh uh and imagine they could just rip him apart limb by limb, right? Yeah. Right. Which they probably would. I you know I I would be a little scared. Yeah, I'd be scared, but I also I could maybe help them. Well, I know Mr. Beast. Let's uh let's take this to a poll. Uh, all in favor of Liam is the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Raise your hands. All against a hungry. Wait, does he get to vote? He does not get to vote. So, I think the jury's out. The jury's in the comments. Jury in the comments. You will have to decide. It's a hung jury. So, for now, you you're safe. You explained it so biasedly. Did I? Yeah, that's his job. He does this a lot. I I feel like you made it conceded that they were fat. They made five 300 lb people. That That's a That's honestly like a big help. They made five 300 lb people. But okay, the dog example doesn't make sense because they know what they're doing because they put it in the note. Like they said like we know like like we're just walking around like they know it's the stopping. Well, hold up. Hold up. You had an opportunity to say this before your trial. I thought I said that. No, you never said that. You didn't say We asked. We asked for clarifying evidence. I said, "Is there anything else you want to add?" You didn't add this. I can't be I said that for sure. No, you had I said that they said that they feel like terrified of that. You said that, but you didn't say that they're just walking around. They knew what they were. What did the note say to your best memory? It said like we are just using our living space like this is our home and we pay for it. Like we use it during non-quite hours, which is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like it's happening before and after. And then it was like if you don't Yeah. If you don't stop, we will have to report this to the management. What are the quiet hours? It's like 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. or something like that. I I want you The only other thing cuz it's too late. We already deliberated. But if you want to add something to your case, if you can capture this on video Mhm. the stomping. I thought about doing that and faking it and sending it to my my management. Faking it. You fake it because it happens all the time. No, no, no, no. Because I don't know if my camera's going to pick or my like phone's going to pick up the body. The phone doesn't pick it up, then you lose the argument. Yeah. It's not loud enough. They did that to me. They sent a video. I got an email that said of They sent a video of my brooming. So, what you're Hold up. So, what you're doing is loud enough, but what they're doing might not get picked up. This is so bad. This is really bad. This is so bad. You guys already voted, so it doesn't matter. He's chopped. He's chopped. Do you think that when you move and maybe you have a much quieter experience yet you'll kind of miss this big circus troop? Absolutely not. No. I want a place where like I can just renew a lease for once. You should wait. Have you always gotten like apartments? Has it always been like issues with neighbors? You should get a a house. I'm not I'm not like a millionaire. Move somewhere cheaper. We live Is it public where you live? When we had the least. It's California so it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Don't live there. You need a lot of roommates. When When we had Yeah, you do need a lot of roommates. But when we had the least money, we all lived in a house. That's if you have like four roommates. If you're living solo, I can't do roommates. You can't do roommates. Are you a diva? No. Well, then why can't you do roommates? Because I've had a bad roommate experience and like walking around in flight hours. After hearing your story, I'm happy as a bad roommate. I'm a very good roommate. Like I I I believe you that you're a quiet roommate outside of the mallet bash. I'm sinking. I would imagine if Le was your wash, but the roommate didn't. Or take out the trash. Oo, okay. And would like crank up the AC so I'd be sweating. Oh, it's a real Nick. What does that mean? Yeah, that's how Nick was. I cranked down the AC. Well, this is cranking down is way better. I go cold. I don't I hate cranking up you meant making it warm. Yeah, he said it wrong, but he said I was sweating, so I knew what he meant. Okay, cuz you can't crank up AC. Well, you can because the air conditioning is often considered a cold uh volume or a cold measurement. You can crank up the AC, meaning make it colder. That's what I think. He said the opposite. Uh, right. But I'm just This is just a language thing. This are beautiful language. Um, dude, you said something about your dad once that was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny. Do you hate your parents? No, I don't. I'm like not super close with them. You I feel like you talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them every day. Do they know what you do? No. Isn't that weird? They don't know what you do. No, I don't tell them cuz I think it's embarrassing. What do they think you Yeah. What do they think you do? I Well, my dad doesn't ask. I don't I don't know. But my mom, every time I call her, she like practically begs me to tell her and I just like threatened to hang up because she's like so desperate for me to call her. Dude, you can't see a sentence. My mom is so desperate for me to call her cuz I haven't seen her since 2019. And she's like, "Oh, you have to visit me." Where where does she live? I She's like almost homeless or something. I don't know. She's like out and about. Okay. So, there you are. What is happening? What do you mean she's out and about? What do you mean your mother's nomadic? She's out and about. She's nomadic. She's getting more than 87. She's Yeah, she's in like some third world country like for fun. Like it's like an extended vacation. Is your mom a political prisoner? I don't know. I think she's like Is she homeless or on vacation? I think she's on vacation, but it's been like a year. Okay. And it's in She's like Airbnb hopping. Okay. Okay. Or something. It's fun. Is that normal? No, I don't think. But it's fun. It's fun. I think it maybe is normal, but the way that you understand it seems to be abnormal. I think it's really weird because she like I think she doesn't have a job right now. Homeless had a very different appearance together. No. Oh, they're not together. Okay. Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. Okay. This explains a little bit. Only a little though. Do you have siblings? I have a sister unfortunately. Oh, not Wait. Well, no. I'm just like What does that mean? No, because like my chat is so weird. I That's fair. Sure. You are. Yeah, actually pretty close. I mean, she doesn't know what I do either, but Wait, wait, wait. We're not pretty close. Well, that's that's not like a topic that would ever come up. I don't know what she does. It's like the first number one the main thing. No, the default social interaction. Would you be would you be open to telling her? No. No. Why? Because it creeps me out thinking my family would watch my stream because I don't act like I do on stream around them. It's like they wouldn't. They'd be so weirded out. You think so? They load up you and you have just bombed a Mario Run and now you're playing a horror game and you're saying to your chat, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is mayonnaise?" And then you're embarrassed that they might Okay. Well, specifically my sister, that would not ever work because my my chats like uh they just make very uh creepy. They're a little jokes. Yes. Okay. That doesn't help. Yeah. Yeah. So, it' be Are you older? No. Oh, she's older. Okay. Yeah, she's quite old. Like, uh Yeah. Like Slime's age. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, younger actually. Like quite a bit. So, my age quite a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Appreciate that. It's going to get worse for you, by the way. Uh, no, actually, I think being 30 is cool. Yeah, of course you such a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, I I've just learned a lot. Knock your ass teeth out. I'm wise now. Wait, so I I don't know if where generally where you live is public. But where would you want to move? Are you guys I'm going to Austin. You're going to Austin? Yeah. Oh, you're going to become a Duby or No, sorry. Poggers. No, wait. What is it? Why? Why Austin? It's a OTK. Why do you want to go to Austin? Some friends. Okay. cuz I don't know anybody where I am. Simply there. Simply. Yeah. You focus Simply? Y. I love that guy. We're pretty good buddies. Do some streams together. That's great. Dude, you're going to become an awesome streamer? Yeah. IRL streaming and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh my god. Collabing. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know. Are you Do you dread the day that Do is there ever a thought in your head that your stream will get so big that your family will just see it? No. I don't think I think I'm like my stream's dying. Like it would not I cuz I' I'm I plateau or go down. I don't go up. I like that. Is this true? I don't know. Especially since like cuz I don't play SM64 anymore, but like I'm pretty content, but I probably shouldn't be. I should probably like try to grow. Do you think you're happy? Yeah. No. Well, yeah. Recently. Well, I know you're not I know you're not depressed. I'm not depressed. I feel like usually I'd say like I'm content like I'm satisfied like out of 10 on a dayto-day. Do you think about Do you think about seven? Okay. You're going to be doing this 5 years from now, 10 years from now. Yeah, I could do it. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you going to do after it, bro? Hold on. You can snap your fingers and you could you could make everything you want in your life real. What would What does that look like for you? It's like infinite money, right? So you just Okay. So your dream life is the ability to to wake up, play Runescape, eat whatever you want, and go back to bed at whatever time you want with no worry that you ever have to change that. Yep. Do you want kids? Yeah. Okay. Right. I was just I was hoping it's crazy. Everyone hoped the answer would be no. I think I'd be a great dad. I don't think I don't think I mean he takes care of his Runescape character. Yeah. Yeah. And let me tell you, that kid would walk around in his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tippy toes. He would sell the kid for a cape. No, no, no. But I got like a plant recently and like it's alive still. That's actually huge. Yeah. It's actually very hard to take care of a plant. I've had it for a couple months. It's true. Ex-girlfriend of mine got me a cactus and cactuses aren't supposed to die and mine died. That was really bad. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Yeah. She got it for me on Valentine's Day, too. So, it was like a Liam, I think you're my hero. Why? I'm thinking about it more. I just think you're the goat. Appreciate it. Told you. That's all I had to say. Dude, we would So, when me and Jimmy and Josh man lived together, we would uh you were like the nighttime like fireplace. We would just fire up your your stream and we watch you run Mario. He'll never admit it, but you were his comfort streamer. Yeah, you're my You're my Oshi. Is that Yeah, that was a good usage. Yeah. You're like a my horse girl that I Oshi is a Japanese term means push and it's like who you put like support. It's like your bias in K-pop terms. Yeah. J Hiki. And so, uh, we watch you and then we you'd lose a Mario run constantly. Okay. Just that's normal. You would just never ever ever ever ever PB ever. But that's normal ever. Uh, and then and if it's green upstairs, you know, it's going red. Oh god, dude. It's It was just like clockwork. Rainbow. It was just And so we would watch and then you you'd get really mad and you lose the run and then you would keep the timer going and then Mario would just be sleeping in the courtyard. Um and it'd say like 3 hours and you'd be playing the whle and me and Josh would be like, "Ah, looks like it was a bad night on the river." Okay. Um and then we would turn it off cuz we like watching Mario. But Goody, you know Goody. Goodie. Yeah. Uh Goodie is a giant Liam fan. like she is like she's like the it's the picture of like the army guys holding up like the plateau of the two people and it's just Goodie. Um but I I messaged Goody one time and I was like is Liam is Liam Wash like he never runs Mario and she's like no Mario he's a better streamer if he never streams Mario. So that's how you know she was a real fan. Wow that's nice cuz she only liked the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she was tired of Mario but me and Josh man loved that. Um, but anyway, it was that you were a part of our nightly routine. You were our Runescape for a long time. Oh, and you're like that for a lot of people, even the schizophrenics in your chat who love incest. Yeah, but it's like ironic. Well, that's how it starts, right? Check out the history. It does. It does start ironically. Yeah, as all as my PWA accent did and now I did not say that is unironic, but then I became immersed in the culture. I don't know what to say. I watched many Brad Pit film. Have you ever Have you ever unleashed your petwall accent at uh Peter? No, I haven't yet. Yeah, maybe see what he thinks. He cries. I don't think he would think anything of it now. My my stepg grandmother. Altha. Altha. Yeah, that'd be awesome cuz she has an apo accent. You should little bit chop it up with her. Twinge. Well, yeah, I'm gonna uh What do we got? A black stepfather named Peter. um who is Jamaican, Jamaican heritage, but speaks like he's from Boston. He's just American. What are you talking about? He's just He's born in America. Speaks like he's from Boston. Yeah, cuz he's born here. I was born here. Did you go to college, Liam? A little bit. Like uh how many how many semesters? I think three. Three semesters. That's one year. What did you study? Yeah, I was doing computer science, but I was just doing like general ed and then I just stopped. Did you stop because of streaming or because of Runescape? No, it was not Runescape. It was Why? I guess like I just didn't like it. And then streaming also was doing well. So, I focused on streaming and then then I didn't stream for like a year and a half, but then I came back and it worked out. Who are you supposed to be, right? Like, let's say Mario 64. Clint Stevens never existed. You never get kind of tainted or like, you know, pulled in by the siren call of Clint. What would What would Liam be now? 26-year-old. Um, dead. No. Guy who was never depressed? No. Like I guess like programming, but I can't imagine that. I would hate it. I hated comp size so much. So I I don't know. I don't know what I'd do. Who do you watch Twitch now? A little bit. What do you watch? Runescape streamers. When you're not playing, you're watching it. Yeah. And at the same time, like playing and watching. Yeah. Right. No, I mean that with Runescape. I feel like that makes the most sense. Yeah. Cuz it sometimes it's kind of boring. I think you should move here instead. I think you should give us a year with you. Yeah. Okay. We'll show you the world and we'll go to the Grand Canyon and Yeah. We'll do all kinds of fun activities. We'll do like 5,000 steps in a day. I go for a hike sometimes now, so I see like the world, you know? Okay. Yeah. No, man. You do. You You know what? Actually, you don't got to change things up. I think this is good. You think so? Well, if he finds true joy from just Runescape, that's more successful than most people can claim to be. I mean, I guess put a way to make it his job. Yeah. Runescape is the Runescape. He does not. No, no, it doesn't. I'm saying like he found a way to make like sitting at his computer his job. So if he wants to do Runescape while he's doing it, he plays it on the side. Our kid can do this. If he's happy and he wants to do this until he dies, who's to tell him he's wrong for that? Our kid. He is our kid. Okay. That's his wisdom he's giving you right now. Change when you have a child, though. Remember that. Cuz you have a child one day. You can't just You can't be getting 85 steps a day. Well, no. You just make an account for him, right? No, you make the kid play the account and do like the menial grinds on iPad. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. He can just play on the iPad. God. I mean, I I dated a girl that used to wow raid with her parents. Really? Have you ever um Have you ever had a normal job? Um a gas station. We're at the gas station. Yeah. Oh my god. No, I just lied. Okay. I say that on stream. He couldn't lie to your face. I appreciate you rolling it back. I feel bad. So, you've never had a real job? No. That's crazy, bro. Ever? No. Yeah. No. I mean, I like walked dogs or like I dog sat once. Okay. I thought, but I got paid for it. I I look I think Liam is the true American dream. I think so, too. He's He is basically what should be a mother's basement gamer who has found a way to survive. He's like the Walmart t-shirt that says like homework uncheck. Yeah. Like nice to sister. I don't play games cuz I have no life. Playing video game. Check. And he gets to live like that. And you get to live like that because you're just goated at. He's not depressed and every day he's a seven. Well, you do. But you do want a kid. Yeah, of course. You who doesn't want a like everyone? Some people don't want kids in this room. I don't know. I don't know if I want a kid. I think if you don't want a kid, it means like maybe you haven't matured emotionally enough is my take, right? Yeah, I take I haven't emotionally matured enough. Right. How much GP do you have right now? Like Runescape. Yeah. A few billion. Yeah. You hear that, Nick? Billion. Works hard for his family knows his family is going to need it one day. I mean, look, I think I think we are pointing out the maybe the funny differences between Liam's life and, you know, let's say an average listener's life. Sure. But you know, you're not too different. Me and Liam. Yeah. You You're a floor sleeper who wakes up when he pleases, takes naps throughout the day. Wait, floor sleeper? Ah, he sleeps on the floor. We've gotten here. Like, what do you mean on the floor? Like on like on the wood on a rug? I sleep on a rug. Um on the floor. The bed I feel is He has a bed. I I have a You have a bed and you don't see like we can poke these funny Nick. You what? playing League of Legends 7 hours a day. League of Legends, man. Addicted 4 in the morning playing League of Legends. Jake was in the call with me. It was fun. Me meanwhile, he has some responsibilities. Oh my god. It's all of our responsibilities. I I didn't say which responsibility. It's all But Nick has some. He has some. And And so, you know, we're pointing out these little funny things, but what about you? I'm very mature. You're very mature of the group. I'm the most mature. Yes. You came in here crying, almost tear streaming down your face cuz you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up his order. I came in tears streaming down my face because there was a communication lapse and I wanted to know how to fix that out of this whole group. Huh? Out of this whole group? Yeah, I'm the most mature. Yeah. And you have way too much leg today. Too much. I hate when he's right. Why does the hair go up so much? You should get a Brazilian. Wait, is the hair just supposed to end like on a line? What do you mean? Usually it does start to taper off or it gets hairy. They become more blonde. Are you hairy? I have like a leg hair. I have like a lot of foot hair. Do you guys have foot hair? Is that normal? Like on the toes? Yeah. No, like like on the like right here. So you're Can you show me your gripper? Are you going to block it out? Yeah, we'll blur it. Please. Yeah, we we'll definitely blur it. The two times he's he's he's really wanted a censor had to do with his hair. Well, I think it's because of his chat. He's very conscious about Oh my god. Is that weird? Weird. kind of lying. Wait, why? Why is your second toe so big, but the toenail is so small? Subconscious. Look at my second toe. Oh my god. You're a warlock. Your second toe is a finger, dude. Your second toe is so normal, but the toenail is so small. That's me. And then the third toenail is bigger than the second one. You have some hair. We did like a good amount. I mean, but his is like you're like a hobbit. Yeah, you are a hobbit. I love That's like what one of the That's like what the first feet looked like. Man, like I think your feet like change if you don't wear shoes a lot. So like I don't go outside. So like my toes spread out. That's a thing. Like like a plant searching for the sun. Yeah, I think this is real. Uh no, I I have a similar toe thing to him. Oh, your No, your toes your toes are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Your toes are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sometimes they're just black cuz you smash them and just walk around still and they bend over each other. Yeah, I got LeBron James feet. Black toes. Yeah, I just like totally bruised. Bruised? Oh, yeah. I've had my big toe fall off. I had a few toenails fall off. The whole closer. You're closer, friend. Uh, yeah. No, they look a bit ugly sometimes. Was I going to ask you, Liam? You goddamn crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm enamored by his life. You want kid? You want kid? Yeah. You be dating? No. Well, that's step one. I mean, you got it. That's like I mean, you don't need You're like work in progress. Okay. Are you on dating apps? No. Where is Where is the work being done? The gym. The gym. Yeah. Yeah. The gym. That's Oh, you're meeting girls at the gym. No. The gym is The gym is You guys are That's the You're He's planting the seeds. You guys are being a bit facicious. I think the play to get a girlfriend isn't necessarily put yourself out there. It can sometimes just be improving yourself, right? And then that becomes more appealing to others. You do have to put yourself out there a bit. Sure. But I think it is more important to do the improving of self than to put yourself out there. Can you describe your dream dream girlfriend? Does she have big busty? What? Why' you go there? No. I am asking questions. Okay. Small. I don't mind the body. Ah. Does she have a mind? That's Does she have a busty mind? What about a pretty little face? But I won't. Face is good. She's 5'5 with a little attitude. Yeah. 5'5. Cannot be taller than 5'5. Really? Yeah. How tall are you? 5'7. 6'1. My bad. Messed that one up. Pause. He's 6'1. Yeah. So, so you want someone who's 5'5, can't be taller. Mhm. Uh they're But you don't mind the body. Can they be richer than you or poorer or they want Do you want them to be like a sugar mama? Um I I don't care. Do you want them to be okay with you playing like Runescape? Yep. That's that's like essential. Is that a negotiable? Like if she What if she's like, "Babe, you I think you've been you've been I know you've been grinding so hard and you've been playing like 12 hours a day. What if you played 10 hours a day and and hung out with me?" No, I would put her away. I wouldn't like But you'd put her away. Like I'd like like the wife of the Scientology guy in gold base. You put her in gold base. Put her in gold base. Like no, I would I I would play less. A if she says if she says I don't want you playing Runescape this month. This month? This month? Yeah. No, because then she's not like accepting of my hobbies. Real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Right. So, I Your ideal is like a like a partner that has it has potentially an equal obsession with something else and they're obsessed with that all the time. You're obsessed with that and then you you converge to watch like maybe a TV show before bed. Sure, that sounds good. I'm not picky. Would you would you feel weird if she played Runescape as much as you did? Like, is that your thing? What if she's better at Runescape than you? What if she's better at Runescape? I think I would feel threatened. Yeah. Yeah. No. Can you be good? Yes. Dude, isn't it just knowledge of where to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the dungeon and then you just hope the tick is good? No. This is like a common misconception. I was telling Nick this yesterday. Like there is you think it's like clicking rocks, but there are very there's so many mechanics. There are people that are like inconceivably good at the game like and like they just play perfectly because you need mouse accuracy. That's like a big thing. You wouldn't know if you like don't play. So it's kind of like osu like and people like say it's osu. No. Yeah, cuz you have to click really fast and like very accurately sometimes to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Isn't the animation time slow enough that you don't have to be that fast because you can just wait for the animation? It's on like a tick system. So like every 6 seconds. So you just have to click when you're kind of like anticipating the ticks and understanding the rhythm of the Yeah. It's like a rhythm game. You have to be like move like doing something like every tick sometimes. And but Okay. But if we do a duel that's just RNG if we have the same gear. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a there's no skill to PvP. I guess there is a lot of skill. There's like arguably more just spell timers. It's like there's a lot of It's just like the clicks. It's a lot. This conversation is happening at a methadone clinic right now. Right in the waiting room. I I got I got as far as level 80 on a freeto play account and then quit. That's pretty good. I did that too in like 2007. I've never I've never opened the Runescape client in my life. You don't have to. What if I bust it open on stream? First time playing Runescape. It's very boring. Really? No. Even as a Even as a brand new player, I think it's so boring to watch. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's so boring. There's the visual language. It's very charming, but after that it's just like what are you going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do? I don't know. I've never played it. I don't know what to do. What are you trying to walk around in Lumbridge? Yeah. Well, I think that's what you're missing. You're going to spawn in, you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] make like 12 fires. You're going to kill like a goblin and then get a skimar. I think you streaming you firing up a Runescape stream is like in the first 30 minutes you going like your face realizes that this is kind of boring and you're like cuz I don't think there's like an objective. You need direction. Yeah. There's not like something you can do. That would be that, right? Like, yeah, I said this earlier, like a lot of WoW streamers, I guess, cuz like there's no WoW content right now. Like, they're playing Runescape and so many people like love it like in the Runescape community because you just don't see people playing for the first time and they're like giving them direction. It's like fun to see them like explore. They love it. I guess if you truly committed to something larger, but yeah, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. And you're also playing so much Runescape. I got League to play, says Nick. Yeah, I got League to play. I got a Vex to run it down. How do you guys play League and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk Runescape? I think that's fairly I think within the public ethos it's Runescape is maybe only one of the only things but I don't I don't start playing League until like 700 p.m. Oh my god. He We don't even bring it up. And then he doesn't stop till 4:00 a.m. Sure. But he's starting in the morning and ending at 4:00 a.m. It's not better. I don't think it's better. Well, I'm not the time zones are just different. It's not better. It is better. No, it's the the amount of time in the day that you're taking to do the thing that is the bad thing about it's the amount of time in the other part of the day that you're doing the other things you got to do. The jury needs to weigh in again. We hours of League, even if it's at night. I'm not playing nine hours of League. If you That's crazy. I've not played 9 hours to I've never played nine hours of League. Seven to four. I'm not starting at seven when I go to four. That's crazy. I don't I don't want to bolt the OB.gg. We've had that era. We can we don't got to do all that. It's right there. You can just go look it up. Dude, it's so funny talking to you like you youngans cuz like I I'm going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose my mind. I yesterday I had the urge to play League. I played a single a single game and then I off. I did the same thing. I played in normal. I was like, "Oh, I dick a Voli Bear and I and I said and I said my mother was in town." I said, "Mother, I'm just going to play a quick game. I'll be back 30. A mumu is a mommy is a is a tired child. I meet my mom last night. That's great. You met Ludwick's mom? Did you meet her? No, she was there. Yeah, she was there. Oh, my mom was there before the party. She got a lampshade on her head. You got crazy. What? You got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy parties. Before the party started in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face, she said, "I don't think I want to go. And I said, "Mom, just go and if you want to leave, you can leave whenever." She said, "Okay, I'll go." And then she got there and then she was in the corner like two hours into the party reading a book on her phone about octopuses. And and I was worried. I was like, "Oh my god, she's not having a good time." So I went over to her. I said, "Are you are you having fun?" She's like, "Oh my god, yeah. This is so fun." And I was like, "But you're in the corner." She's like, "Yeah, but it's fun to like listen and like be around." Moms are weird. Sweet. Yeah. Yeah, but she's uh she's not nomadic. Okay, that's good. Yeah, she lives in a in a house. Yeah, it's a house. Roof door. She's quite uh and she walks quietly. That's good for what it's worth. She I So, you don't like roommates. You don't like the people around your immediate space. Uh when you go to Texas, you're going to get an apartment again and have no room. Yeah. going to pray that there's good neighbors above me. Who is your best friend? Um like just a guy like like where do you grow up with them? No, I don't talk to anybody I grew up with. Oh, I only talk to like two people maybe three. Like only just like like Discord. Wow. Yeah. So you're not hanging out with people in real life? No. That's like why I want to go to Austin so I can like That'll be That'll be a great change. Yeah, I hope. Yeah. Stick to Simply. Yeah, because you came. That's my advice. You came to do this. Somebody's gonna turn you into a rapper. Yeah. Like seems like you you want to like go hang out with people. Yeah. No, this was fun. What did you say? It was like at uh you said Liam and uh Extra Emily were talking and it was it was the listener and the talker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I said this it cuz I saw you guys talking and I was like this is the perfect conversation. Yeah. Yeah, cuz one person will just carry the conversation and one person will listen intently to every word. I'm a listener. I know. That's a perfect conversation right there. I can't believe you're nervous about coming on, bro. Like, cuz like Well, you made him nervous, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You didn't believe in our friend. I didn't say that. I just said he might be quiet. You said I think it's a bad idea. That's what You know what? That's what he really said. That's what he really said. I I think it's going to be bad. That's what he really said. Then what did you say? I said he might be quiet. No, you said more than that, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It could be bad. Could be. Oh, it could be. Do you like that? Do you like could be bad? I I actually like wasn't too offended because I I knew like I know why you said that. Wow, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I guess I mean cuz I never It was funny. I I didn't go to Burio. Um but I was like cuz Tim 64 sent me a clip and you were like playing Mario Kart. You're like, "Yo, Slime wasn't there." I was I wanted to meet him and I was like, "Oh, he's saying that." Yeah. And I was like, "I would I didn't know Liam was going. I would have went." Tim does love your streams. But he loves you more. Well, you pay. Yeah. I pay because if you're live stream I know cuz if he was, I would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell at him. I'm too good for him to be in a Liam stream when I'm pay all your mods. Yes. But I pay him like a full-time salary. He's a full-time position. He does more than he does a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, I I messaged him the other day cuz I was in someone's chat and I really wanted the would you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mips or would you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a rabbit asky? Did he give it to you? I was like, Tim, do you do you know where I can get the would you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a rabbit asky? Cuz in Mario 64, there's a rabbit and Liam [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the rabbit and it's just a thing. Everyone does. And and Tim Tim, I'm not kidding. In 2 minutes, God just sent it to me on Discord in like an easy copyable format, like a notepad format. And I was like, how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you have this? That's funny cuz that's not Tim's job. It's not Tim's job. It's also really hard to find. That's his passion. Yeah. Uh yeah, it is funny when you're a guy like Tim. I think people will hit you up even when you're not working. This same phenomenon happens to Nico. You guys know Nico? Yeah. Yeah. He's like producer. Yeah. Um after my birthday last night, we were at a like a restaurant, like a like a KBBQ spot, and Nico was there. Uh, and it's just, you know, it's like 3:00 a.m. and, uh, and we're all talking and I just I notice at one point TK is like at the very corner and next to him is Nico and he turns to Nico and he goes, "So, yeah, like at the Sentinel's office, the road cer is just not no way. It's just not connecting." And I call him out. I'm like, "Tere, it's 3:00 a.m. Let a man eat. Let a man eat for a bit." Uh, yeah. There's no days off for them. Speaking of trick, but also Whispa. Uh, have you ever own We spa? Oh, what? We spa. Know what that is? I don't know what that is. The Wii Spa is a a very magical wonderful place where you go with a a bunch of young men and you get um into like pools and saunas. Horror. Is it worse than how I sell? What are you talking about? All right, fine. Pitch we spot like you would to Terry. It's It's a traditional Korean. Do you know much about Korean culture? No. It's a very traditional uh Korean bath house. Mhm. So, you just go in and they have um like different temperature uh like pools. Cold bathing, cold, warm, hot saunas. Everyone's naked. And you go there. Everyone's naked. Sorry. Yeah. It's cool, warm, hot. You go there. A lot of naked and the penis out. A lot of penises out. And then it's like one song is really hot. I like that one. That's We spa. Okay. And sometimes I go with my friend. Yeah. See, you guys have seen each other naked many a time. Oh, I've never seen a guy naked even online. Well, like in per I've se Oh, I've seen like um family. Well, like when I was a kid, but that doesn't count. Like you're talking about your dad's dad. Yeah, cuz we eat together, but like everyone does that like or has, right? Yep. You're just not helping the incest allegations. You're fueling. Wait, you don't have to answer, bro. Are you feeling the Yeah, you are circumcised. Yeah, I'm very glad I am. Let's go. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you mean? You're very glad for being my parents. What? I thank my parents for like cutting me. Why? Because like I feel like uncircumcised looks very weird. Sorry. Says the guy who's never seen a man naked in person before. Yeah, but I've seen a lot of uncircumcised penises online. Why? They're just there. They're just there. They're just like in uh like on the internet. They're just watching gay porn. No, but there's a man in straight porn. True. Yeah. But you forget that. Usually you don't see the You do. You don't see the uncircumcised penis cuz they're hard. You can seen a circumcised hard penis. But I get what you're saying. Looks about the same as No, it doesn't. Oh, it looks shipper doesn't like that. It looks similar. It looks very similar. It's got a turtleneck on. It literally is up to here. It looks like Spike in Cowboy Bop wearing the jacket. No, it doesn't. Not when it's rock hard. When it's rock hard, it looks pretty normal. When it's rock hard, it looks like you've covered a baseball bat in like a skin paper towel. When it's When it's 10 out of 10 hard, it looks pretty similar. No, it doesn't. When you're diamond, when you're only when you're ready to cut diamonds, it can code switch. Yeah, I think I think you're being insane. I think when it's soft long because you see seven out of 10 hard uncircumcised penises in porn all the time. So it's like rock hard uncircumcised [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever. Give me 15 minutes and all. Okay, you'll see. 15 is what it takes for you to get that hard. He's 30 plus, bro. It takes a while for the blood. I can't get that hard. And not these days anymore. Not these days. Uh oh. What? You got roasted by the way yesterday. I got roasted. Yeah. Why? You got destroyed in the marketplace of ideas. What are you talking about? Uh, so everyone got me a gift for my birthday. Oh, yeah. Did you give me a gift? I did. Did you open the gifts already? Last second. No, I haven't opened any of them. Oh. Uh, except for one. Syunos. Oh. Because everyone gave me a gift uh that like was in a section. I'm supposed to like open them all. Uh, and it Cutie's idea was I'd open them on stream. It's like a hundred gifts from 100 streamers. So, I'm going to be like, you know, Dudley and just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] opening presents in my millionaire room. But, yes. Uh, but Syikuno gave me $100 in cash. Okay. And so, he gives me the $100 and then he was like, "I thought about getting you a a gag gift cuz you're 30." And I was like, "Oh, yeah. Like a like a cane?" He's like, "Yeah, or like diapers cuz you know I have a lot of those. I play with slime. [Laughter] Well, the great the grapevine told me aka slime told me that there was a little bit of a the a handshake. Oh my god, we had a wonderful conversation. I was leaving. Who was who was in conversation? Me and Tino chopped it up for like 20 minutes. It was very It was lovely. You talk about Street Fighter. You talk about Yep. We talked about it all. I promise you. We reached a a true gentleman's understanding of the world. He said he wants to come on the yard. Wow. Oh my. So, wow. There you go. But no one I think we should all have to wear diapers. We I think that should be our I think that should be our punishment. Can I also say I'm a little concerned he'd be quiet and that the episode could do bad. What if we tickle him? He's going to bomb, right? I didn't want to say it so forthright, but he's going to ruin the podcast. We'll have to give a month back of Patreon subs. Yeah. Are you ticklish, Liam? I don't think so. Okay. Last time I was tickled. I won't test it. Yeah. Let Aiden, you know, tickle you. I'm a professional. He's a professional tickler. What What game do you think you're the best at that's not uh Runescape or Marcore? Um maybe like Counter Strike. You play Counter Strike? Yeah, I used to play that was like what I played a lot before speedrunning, but I Squeaks again. Well, Squeaks is like actually good cuz he was on his like college team or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I played I have like a couple thousand hours. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sick. Okay. All right. You should all he does [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] CS GO. You know Mirage smokes? I used to, but I don't know any smokes. They changed them. They changed them. But wait, you you were saying earlier, were you talking to Nick about getting into Melee or are you thinking about playing Melee? Is that what I've always been interested, but just like I think of everything now like a huge time commitment like do I want to put in like hours? Yeah. I gave him I told him I was like, "Well, have you seen The Dock?" He's like, "No." And I'm like, "Give like give the doc a whirl. It's fun to watch. You could even watch it on stream like part. You can watch one episode at a time." How long is it? It's long. It's very long. It's like six hours. You can watch on stream though. It's fun. Um, but it's it's episodic. So, you could watch one episode, then go back to what you're doing, then the next stream, watch the next one. Um, and then have a friend who you play with who's just as bad as you. Yeah, that's always crucial having someone you start with at the same level. I brought uh Liam to Genesis. Yeah. I had no idea. Yeah, Liam, I think lied to me. What? Cuz he was like, "Oh, yeah. I think Melee is cool. Like, I've watched the Melee." And then I'm like, "Oh, dude, I can get you tickets to Genesis." Yeah. And you can come watch. He's like, "Oh, yeah. That'd be great." So I I got him front row seats. Best in the house of Genesis. Great. And then how do I not remember this? Yes. Wouldn't I have met you? Uh, no. We were in a different section, I think. Oh. But anyway, we're This is two years ago. It's not this year's. Uh, it's last year's. Uh, we're sitting there and like Pokemon Stadium comes up and he's like, "Oh, the stage transforms." What is that bad? I was like, and then I I realized I was like, "Oh, he's never seen a game before." Yeah. It's been that way since 2001. Yeah. But and I remember you explaining something about the map being bad, like players don't like it or because it's dynamic. But it had been frozen. Yeah. Oh, no. We went through all of it. No, I I was telling them all about Fox and and Falco. And do you watch more now? No, I haven't watched any since. Okay. Great. I want to, you know, there's a lot of crossover with speedrunning and Melee. It does feel like that. I mean, for years. There's also there's also melee speedrunning. Is there That's how I met Sigmic was because he played Melee. Like he just like started to play Melee more than as he was getting out of Mario. There's a lot of ways to speedrun cuz there's I think he's doing it. I think speedrunning me. Oh, really? Is it target test? I thought he was doing target tests because there's target tests, but there's also the event matches. Like Melee has like an embedded like 151 like event matches. There's 51. Oh, it's 51. Yeah, I thought it was 151. I don't know why. That's Pokemon. Um uh but you just have to basically beat every event and there's like stats for each one. Oh, I've heard of the target one. There's like a Summoning Salt video like Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty fun. You know, have you seen the Summoning Salt VHS thing he's doing? I saw about it, but I didn't see it. He's uh I don't know if you can look up Summoning Salt VHS zipper, but it's like a merch thing he's doing. It's basically coming out with VHS's of like videos he's made. It's like, you know, fully playable VHS. So, he has one for like the H, too. They're very cute. Yeah, they're cool. Uh, but for my 30th birthday stream, I had chat buy me 30-year-old stuff and they got me a VHS player. No, it was $500. It's called a VCR. Oh my god. It's called a VCR. I forgot that. And it's $500 VCR for you to put in it. Dude, we have a VCR. It Oh, we have a lot of CRTs combo. Well, I bought one, but it's it's not cheap like I thought it would be. They really couldn't have picked one with a better sticker placement. I think it's a complicated technology that no one makes anymore. Yes. So, it's like it just weirdly becomes the demand is low and the production cost. It's also funny cuz it's like one of the like only one only like what how do I put this like like when you would get VCR or get VHS tapes you could just tape over them. Yeah. You could just change there was no security. You could put hardcore weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then just give it back to Block on a copy of Happy Gilmore. Mhm. I couldn't do anything about it. Or the orange Rugrats tape. Yeah, dude. That one was orange. It was orange. I think it had repar on it too. Green reptar on it. Did you were you are you old enough to have had a VCR? Yeah, but like for like two years. Yeah, like for a little bit. But I remember like my dad recording stuff and we had a VCR kind of stuff like movies. Sorry. I'm sorry. I was just asking you just it was vague because you could put anything on it. You could put anything on it. I I don't know if you put something weird on it, but um I think it's pretty clear you're not like a physical beast of a man. Okay. Oh wow. Okay. Wow. That feels like that came out of nowhere. I could tell you tried to make it softer, but it really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I feel like it weirdly makes it I was going for a softer landing. It was a harder landing. Yeah. Well, what what else did you want to do? Follow up. What was the question? That was the whole thing. Yeah. I just I thought I' No, I I uh if it was only you and an alien race came to Earth and the only way to defend Earth is if you were to beat them in Olympic sport, but you get to choose the sport. What sport would it be? I did track and field. I would I' I've done pole vault. I would do that. Wait, what? Yeah. Wait, what? What's your What's your PB? It's not good. Well, be be I think like 9 ft. That's not bad, though. That's pretty. It's like I know how to do it, but I wasn't good at it. Is that a Do you get a bend at 9 ft? It's like a little bend maybe. Yeah. Okay. Cuz when you get like a full bend and then Oh my god, there's nonbend like heights. Yeah. Like the early heights, you can literally just do it like uh like you've seen people do with a stick crossing a river. If I pull vault in front of some Huz and I don't get a bend, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put a hole in my head. It's You're done. That's level one is the no bend. Level two is like a bend and then level three is like a bend popup catapult. Has the bar ever Yeah. as the barber like you're sat on it like Mario on the flag. But I've seen that happen to people or like sometimes their bar the stick will break and it's Yeah, it's scary. But how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does it break? Shouldn't we just like fix that? Like stress, I guess. Old sticks. Do you follow pole vaultting? No, but I used to like sprinting. There's that one dude and Aiden were just talking about it. He's like the goat. Yeah, he's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crushing. He's literally the goat. Pull Valter. He's like the world's best pter. Like the last like 14 world records are all himself or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's Swedish American or American Swedish, I don't know. And but he he gets $100,000 every time he breaks the world record. He looks like that. Yeah. So he uh that's actually a bad picture of him. He looks pretty good when he's when he's in his breaks it like as little as he can every time. So he that he gets the 100k each time he did 90. He does 20, bro. Well, damn. That's mugged. Well, like the best at our school were doing like 12, so nine's not for our high school age is pretty decent. Did you have a happy childhood? I don't remember anything from my childhood. What's the first What's the the latest year or the earliest year you remember? Like honestly, it's like a couple months ago. Wait, no, it's not true. No, like what do you mean? Like any memory? Like you remember going with me to Genesis? Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, like what's your ear like the earliest memory you can think of? Um, keep working back. I guess I feel like um nothing from like pre10. Okay. You don't remember? From years 0 to 10 years old. Maybe zero. Getting birth. No. Like what? No. Maybe getting birth. Let's think of some milestones here. Like, do you remember your first best friend? Like who it is? Yeah. Like mine was Ben. It was this kid named Ben in kindergarten and then James plumber. Mine was Wyatt Zetter. Oh my god. You guys remember the full name? Yeah. Government name. So, do you remember like was there a Timothy? Um Josh. Josh. And how old is it? When did you meet Josh? Like 8th grade, I think. Eighth grade. Yeah. We had friends before. But why can't you remember anything from your childhood? What happened to you? People like say it's like a trauma response, but I like I wasn't traumatized. I think it's just like I might have like an actual sound pretty normal. I have like a memory thing, right? Yeah. Okay. Well, what was high school like for you? I just I mean, I had a few friends. Did you have girlfriends? No. When did you get When did you first kiss a girl? Have you kissed a girl? I have. Okay, this is getting personal. I'm sure you don't have to answer. Maybe 16. Facts. Let's go. Was it awesome? It was fine. How was my first kiss? My first kiss was fine. It was better. Yeah. Oh, okay. My first kiss I was 14 and I I would I would say it was fine. It was not something that I would write home about. That's okay. You were an enigma. Uh I guess maybe one final question to leave you cuz we're actually at our time. You had to kill one of us. But goody instantly. Yeah. What would it be? Next 10 seconds. Man, do I like claim? You get nothing. You don't claim assets. I can't take the money. No, you can take what's on them. You can take what's on them. Yeah, but it's pretty similar. Like we all have like a phone on us. It's okay, man. Okay. Slime I would not kill cuz you'd lose a viewer. Yeah, you got to hang on. He got me on here, right? Nick, we had a good talk, but you got me into League. Not yet. Soon. He's like, I'm on the course. It's unchangeable. See, let's see how the league goes before you kill me. Aiden or L? That's okay. I talked to you the least, but L said I'd buy. Yeah. And you have to have like some money in your wallet right now, right? Uh $100 from Syuno. Yeah, I don't have any cash. Sorry. Done deal. See, your words have consequences, Lwig. And that's something I've learned. and and tune in to our Patreon episode where I'll now teach you a hundred things I learned turning 30 years old. Oh my god, you're 30, bro. And I know I know a 100 more things now. Crazy. You're 30 years old. Thank you guys. Knowing something wrong. I asked who the DJ was and I said it's DJ Diz and then I think he asked how much he was and I was like free. And then he was like yep. And then he's he walks up. up. It's a giant spiral staircase to get to him. And he's he's walking up. He's like, "Yeah, I'm going to tell this guy he's playing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] music." T. Yeah. And then he gets up there and then Shakes's like, "Yo, what's up?" And like,