 Wait, we're in the merch read now. We're in the merch read right now. And Slime's going to do it with all of the information required to engage with the merch. No yawning. Stop it. Wrong ad read. Where can they find the merch? You can find the merch and it's a re-release. Probably girls night cuz everyone loves that show. Oh, we got one. She put it on screen when he gets it right. What's our website? It's the yard. And we know go new domain. Yard.sale. We got the one we wanted. I didn't even know that. I've been publishing the other domain live right now if it's past 12:00 p.m. Pacific is the girls night shirt, the old auto cord hoodie, and the original green hoodie hoodie restocked and for sale. Uh there won't be pre-orders this time, so you'll have to grab it quick. Guys, these are three of our most popular items of all time. I assume they're going to evaporate. So, please grab one now. Let's get into the yard that you that you want to be here for. [Music] I won't say anything. You can speak your piece and everyone can talk about how much they like. I freaking wish we could turn back time to the good old days. The good old days. You freaking You freaking wish that. Like what? What is the exact good old days? What? Wish we could turn back time. What? Freaking good old days. Have you guys ever had the thought that if we kept doing like if we had done the podcast in the attic for this long? Like if we had done it in the attic for the entire time, someone would have fallen down the the ladder by now. Yeah, definitely. A guest probably. I don't think so. I think it' be a guest. Oh, you you mean the whole ladder, not the like accidentally falls in the hole. We invite a guest to climb up our hole. It is funny because it is like a vertical shaft. Yeah. It's not like a uh it's just a staircase. It's like you have to climb a ladder like it's the side of a building. Yeah, it's also not a crazy skill to have. Everyone can climb a ladder. Yes, that's some trouble. Everyone should be able to climb a ladder. Yeah, should stop. I thought they was going to get caught like in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cartoon when it's like of the hole. When when Christopher Robin has to pull poo out of the That's why I feel like it was a good If anyone didn't make it, I wouldn't do the bottom. Yeah. No, this is a test. This is my test. Well, I was thinking something recently. It was like the first the first set that we had was up two different types of ladders, the only access points. The second set we had is also up a staircase. We do not have a handy, capable, accessible podcast. No, there would be no way for us to have someone unless we hoisted them out of their chair. Well, hold up. The stairs. We can solve this elevator. We had We had had an elevator. We had a women's month and now we have a handicap month. I thought you were going to say it's elevator month. I I don't think those things should be equivalized in the way that you're saying in a way. But what you're saying is we had this one group and now this other group. Now we would Yes. Okay. And to to to imply a similarity between them. No. To show that one one group is handicapped in some sort of physical form. The other group is handicapped to not fight with their co-workers constantly. Okay. What I'm saying stories at home about it. One group is handicapped to not confront things in the workplace. One group is handicapped on they phones. [Laughter] What were you doing? What were you wearing here early today? I was working, bro. What were you doing? He always says it's working. It looks like you were playing a free Xbox 360 game. He says it's work when it's something more embarrassing to describe. No, no. I say it's work when I go live and stream. But I I it was uh it's just a game we're playing for off-brand game. Oh, that is work. Oh, we shouldn't have said that though. Testing it out. Sounds [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look. What did you say? It looked like looked like a dope mix. You can call it X. It looks like an Xbox. It's like Silk Song meets like Breaking Bad. They spent three months on it. So, if it looks like that, it's crazy. Just like fire IP type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They got Vince looks so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. You're one of them, huh? I'm not going to play it, but it looks No bars. You're You're bars right now. Go. It's Goatee right now. I think I maybe I think What's the first The first game was called What is Hollow Night? Hollow Night. What's the other game that's kind of like Hollow Night? It looks almost exactly Oh jeez. And then it's like six hours and I think I maybe didn't play Hollow Night. Maybe I played a different game that was like it. Yeah, probably, man. Elder Ring. Ah, it's like probably like Metal Gear Solid 2. Nope. It's definitely not the same. Is there a game that's like aesthetically similar to Hollow Knight that's really really popular? No. Acecraft. Terraria. It's literally terrarium. You guys ever play for uh FortressCraft? No. Never played that. It was a It was a free version of Minecraft for the Xbox. Forenscraft. Fortresscraft. Forenscraft. I'm making a before Minecraft came to the Xbox 360 arcade. Uh there was a game called Fortresscraft that was free and it was like exactly Minecraft but like really scuffed. Yeah. And you play with your avatar. Fortress Craft in 2025. I like how I like how the other video was FortressCraft in 2024. People are still playing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all the time. I can't wait for January 1st cuz I'm making FortressCraft in 2026. Okay, they have made this game look a lot better. This has mods, but it used to look substantially worse than this. Wow, the gravity is different. I feel like I'm looking at Gary's Mod Minecraft. Yeah. Yeah, it looks like it looks like CS 1.6. Is it Is it Gary's Mod Minecraft? It's kind It's No, it's kind of like a mixture of like Roblox and Minecraft. Um, and Forism made this, but uh I haven't seen one day. It's Swedes. It's Swedes making crafting games. The fun part about this game is you could join literally any server, plug in a real keyboard to your Xbox 360 and access the dev like mode and then you could just spawn a million TNT and crash the entire server and you could do it anywhere. Wow, it was really awesome. That's the one tapping the dirt. Um Oh, yeah. Just one tap in the dirt. You one tap. Yeah, that's great. Better game. Better game and every single way. Better pizza. You don't want to see the animation. You got to work for it, dude. I had I had a a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nightmare last night that felt like it lasted maybe a year and uh it's a nightmare. It's a recurring nightmare I have where I've just uh I was I was part of a group of people who killed someone, but I like was kind of just there and I didn't do any of the killing, but but the information is about to come out that I just killed someone. I hate those and I'm like running. I'm like I'm on the run and I I run so far I end up at like a fortress craft field. Oh wow. And I and I go and there's this business and I remember I I had a nightmare a long time ago with this exact setting, but the business was a name that I made up in this stream. I I don't think I could remember what the name was. So it was at a different a different business, but it was everything else the same. And I went in and it was the same co it was the same workers who were it was like a trampoline park kind of looking inside. I think a trampoline park I've been to. And I I saw them and I was like, "Oh my god, it's so cool. You guys still work here." And they're like, "It's not cool. We still work here. We work at a trampoline park." And they were all so mad at me. how to run from the police and I'm like I'm sorry I didn't. So you're running from the police. You did a crime. You're making social faux paws. The crime was murder. The crime was murder. No, the crime was what you said. The crime was the trampoline place because why would you say that? They don't want to be me. So awesome. Yeah. Like they're still you haven't even left our hometown. I was happy to see. This is something Aiden would say actually. I was just happy to see you. I was just so happy to see you still work the trampoline place. How's that going? And the guy's like it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think? I may I may have done this at the Dairy Queen I used to work at. Like I'm not even here. You're rolling up in a Lambo. Doug Doug's in the back passed out from Vegas. L It's got LS [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] still driving through Lynen, Washington on the way home. That's right. Cuz you got a road trip and it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the LS Lambo. It's It's the LS Salesforce presents LS Monday.com tour. I would drive the Salesforce presents Lambo. Presents LS. I do not want a normal Lambo. If you put a Salesforce logo on it, I pick up. And then it's your boy. And you go, "Dude, it's so cool you work here." And they go, "Yeah, man." You go, "Uh, sorry. Can you hold it upside down for me? Hold it upside down for me. I didn't hold it upside down, though. That one's Can I get that free? Can you give me the receipt and also your employee number? It slides out. You're like going to need it for free. Gonna need the free one." You know, my boss at that job was always so He was such a good boss. He's so nice. He's the GM. and he uh he had a dream when I was working there that he was going to save up enough to buy the store and he was going to keep and then keep running it. He was going to buy it off the owner and he had a he had a Camaro. He had a Camaro that he would park at work, drive to work. He loved the Camaro and then, you know, one day he's going to save up enough to do that. And I think a couple years ago he did do it. So he's the guy I feel like I can say it to. You should take a field trip. He owns it. says different than if you work at the trampoline park and you're like, "Yeah, it's go to the same the same." Did they own Did you ask them if they owned the trampoline park in the dream? No. No. I just I said it was so That's even worse. Are you the owners? No, that's really bad. God, it's so Dreams are so weird cuz these three people I recognize them from my real life, but I don't know where. Like, I know I've seen them, but it could have been passing in the street. There's a house. There's a house episode where Dr. your house has a dream or he's in Afghanistan much like your coworker who has a Camaro. You It's either you went to Afghanistan and got a loan or you run a Dairy Queen. That's the Camaro owners of America. Anyway, Dr. House has a dream where he meets somebody in Afghanistan. He's like, I don't remember this person ever seen them. But because I'm a doctor, there's no face you can generate in your mind. You have to have seen them before. Yeah. So he's like, so then he he has a patient. He's like, I've seen you in my dream. Were you in porn? which is a funny thing to say cuz that's you know what they were that's a good line for Dr. House. Anyway, uh I had this idea where I would go to my hometown and visit every place I've ever smoked weed in and it's the smoke weed hometown tour and take pictures. And you got to go to Jessica's house. Yeah. You got to go to You got to go to Miss Blair's house who was the teacher that had sex with my friend Joey. This is all known. Yeah. Yeah. This is This is it. This is Dr. House in Afghanistan. God, an IED hit the truck. He lost his leg because he's, you know, disabled. Like Is this in Afghanistan, California? Dude, this is such a funny image. This is insane. It looks AI. AI for sure. I think his head is CGed in. It might be. Um, it just looked like it was whatever. Um, yeah. I I I I it'd be fun. I had a thought passing thought for a moment that it'd be fun to like go work like Aiden's old job or something, but then it feels a little bit like weird. It's like, haha, we're look at us, we're working normal job at McDonald's. There's the British guy. No, not Trump. That was epic. There's this British guy who got like a sponsorship with McDonald's and he like worked at McDonald's for the day and he was like, "Here we are at the friars. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] disgusting. The foyers look amazing. This is so fun. McDonald's propaganda. And he's and he's just having a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blast at every turn. And the workers just like, "Yeah, you just kind of put the potatoes in and the fries will come out. You leave it for 30 seconds." Like 30 seconds. That's it for fries. That's what That's what genuinely Atrock would do. He'd be like, "Oh my god, this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Oh my god, burgers and patties and cheese. Oh, I'm going to put the cheese on there. I'm excited. He would do that if it was Chili's. He would loves chili chilies. He's a big chili guy. Is honestly the thing I hate most about it. We were theory crafting in the car the other day. We came up with two brand new terms that you guys can all take in. There he is. He that that outfit, bro. This is the guy. Can you play the volume for a second? Tricky. Tasted good. But don't forget you can swap them for carrot sticks or apple employee. I'm going to have one of these like Yeah, that's cool. See, I like how he shows it all. There's luck for me. Yeah, I'm happy. Yeah. He just shows it to the camera like, "Look at this. Look at this." As if it's not the restaurant that we've all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] been to our whole lives. Yeah, it is. Look at this exotic chain that I found. Money spreading $13 in tips. And this is what they actually make here. Unbelievable. In only 17 hours. I can't buy anything. Uh, you could buy a smack bar pee wet at least. We Wait, what is that? You you smack bar pee wet. Is anyone else catching this? No. Really? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 90% of what you two say I ignore because I don't get it. That's so mean. For what? You roped Nick in again. Can you Can you look up? Nick has references I don't get. Smackb wet. Smack b. Just like just try your best on YouTube. Smack barmm pe wet. Barm with an M. Yeah. I love how like it's a wicked kebab. That didn't help. That didn't help. Are you talking none of the none of this is so annoying because you should know about this is this like 67. No, I promise it's not like 67. But I flinch when I hear it now. What was it? You just you do this. No, it's dead. Jim Nance said it. Jim Nance said it on Sunday Night Football. He's He's He went, "Oh, looks like they're about six, seven yards away from the first down mark." Oh my god. And so it's dead, dude. There's a on the last message of all friends, we said 67 organically and on the on the plus playing Left for Dead and there's a single frame of a laughing emoji that just pops up. Uh I'm guessing Zipper had trouble with your with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up just look up smack farm p dead. Yeah, just look at it because this happened to me a couple weeks ago and people called me stupid for not knowing about it. Yeah, but when it happens with you it's like Mr. Beast and you're like what's that? This isn't like an equivalent thing. Yeah, it is like that. It is like All right, I'm sending it to you, Zipper. You know what? You know I 67 might be out, but you know what's in dropping the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fbomb on Twitch? Whoa. You want to bring this up my stream? You're going to bring You're going to bring this up. What? Because you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because LS is trying to take down Mafia Thon, dude. LS trying to take down Mafia Thon. What's his friend? It's a difficult game about climbing. His friend was named De's. His friend was named De's, I believe. Dez, bro. It was Dez. And De's is, you know, he can say it. I I I'm not shocked that LS is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like shaken by a black man at the top of Twitch. Well, I think it's something that you guys have a problem with, especially after showing one of your members showed. I'll say it. I'll say it and I'll be brave. Hitler porn. HP. Sorry Sam. As ASA, it is it was ASA. You guys are showing HSAM on the on your on your little YouTube streams or whatever. Very sexually explicit material. Kais got a hand job on Twitch and is not banned. I think he can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want. By the way, he didn't bust. He didn't That's the difference. No, he just got stroked. That's the difference. Stroke. If you bust on Twitch, you are gone. Done. Yep. Okay. So, can you go to the middle? We ate a weun kebab. Okay. Right. The weirdest meal in the That's a wig and kebab. Keep going though. It's probably the hump in the timeline. This is the next time he talks to the man. I want to hear what this is called again. This video right here. Get your pay wet. There you go, young man. Enjoy. That's 80 smack bomb pee wet. Pause. Got to be honest. I know this. Yeah, I know. You've probably seen it on stream. It's very popular. You showed this to me like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seven years ago or something. No, I didn't. Cuz I didn't know what it was. You sure? You've known this. When was this uploaded? Uh, this is a this is a while ago. Um, Joe, 5 years ago. It's definitely not a very known thing. You're acting like this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh Hawk Newcastle. I'm not doing it right. 700,000. It's not like that much. It's a lot. I mean, it's but it's something that like shows up in like Y L Y L. Dude, that looks disgusting. So what it is, he actually put too many peas on there cuz usually you just get the wet, right? So it's a smack bomb, which is a fried piece of bread on bread and then you get the wet from the peas. But this man, he kind of played it up for the cameras and he put a lot of peas on there. It's just supposed to be the wet. He put a little too much pee on there. Yeah. And that's a smack bar wet. And that's the kind of things that Aiden will be eating all the time in Europe. I think I've been to where he's eating this. What is Wigan? Not the exact. Oh, and the wig and kebab is just a meat pie in a bun. Wow. I'm a I'm a keep it a buck. I heard Aiden on the meeting. I was eavesdropping on his LS meeting. Yeah. And first off, he goes he goes, "Yeah, uh, I'm Aiden. Um, so I do this podcast and um I actually have another podcast that's a lot different in tone. We shoot the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on there." I heard him. He was like, "Yeah, so this is what we do on the show and stuff." And it's also, you know, on the the other show I'm on. And he kind of is like he's like, "Put it on." He very he didn't say the name. He wasn't like, "It's called the yard." You don't want to worry about that show. And he's like, "But anyway, the Lamborghini Salesforce experience. I really am interested in doing this." Hey, do you know why I show speed? I probably Yeah. Yeah. Of course you don't. So he goes across the country. I want to do the same thing. Well, okay. Well, here's what then he says. Then he says, "Yeah, he says he says, "Yeah, I'm thinking of moving to Europe in a year." And then and then he says, "Maybe change." And then embarrassedly says Sweden. I don't know why he's embarrassed about that. He said Europe and I feel like the other LS guys were giving a hard time. He goes, "Sweed." I didn't even say Did you sheepishly say Sweden? Sweden. Be honest with me. Did you sheepishly say Sweden? Initially, the Europe was loud. He was like, "Yeah, I'm moving Europe." I didn't say that. I didn't even say Europe. I just said it was moving. Brother, I was eavesdropping. Okay. We listened to your meetings. Anyway, uh what what Well, my point is you're the Salesforce Lamborghini. You're leaving in a year. No. And change with your Salesforce Lamborghini. Oh, babe. You're leaving in a year and change? I'm not. I'm going to come back all the time to drive the Salesforce Lamborghini. You're not coming back all the time. I will. I'll be here for you, dude. Anyway, we're doing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yard auditions is what I'm trying to say. The open yard auditions. You're not giving it to Dax there. You must either be uh LGBTQ plus uh woman. Well, you could get D's on cuz he's gay. That's why he said it. You on stream. That's true. You can be D's. Dude, if he came out of the closet right now, that would be that would be And you outed him. Kai's like Kai's like, "Bro, you got to pull the rip cord. You got to do it. You got to save. You got to save the mafia thon. So you think he's going to you think that boy is going to do it just a little bit. You think he's going to get a million subscribers? Yeah. Easily. Like so easily. So easily. So easily. It's not easil. It's I have wildly easy. I will say you're talking to a guy who has done a subathon without problem. Yeah. But not even halfway there. Different for you. Lacking difficulty. It has to happen in a month, right? Yes. And he's only he's not halfway there. He's at 300K and it's been six days. But how much was he already at? Huh? What is he What was he already at? 70K maybe. Whoa. It's a lot. Easily. I'm telling you. Easily. I don't know, man. He's above his pace. You think he stole our idea? Huh? You stole our idea for stream. What do you do? They're doing candy tear. Boom. Kai's doing a candy tier list. Nick literally messaged me, which he doesn't do the I message him nowadays. He messages me and he said, "Dude, Kai stole our idea. They're doing it right now." And we were the first people to come up with that. And did you Right. Right. That's a coincidence, right, guys? Well, what's weird is today announced the RD and D and it's called that. Dude, yo, I'm a turtle. His name's Gior. Yep. Oh my god. Actually, that's more of a Phantom character if I'm if I'm being real about it. If they did D and D, that would go. That would be really good. I think they would be good at it. They'd be amazing. Dude, by the way, I am apparently not allowed to make fun of Lwick for being late for the rest of the year. Apparently. Apparently what? Apparently. Apparently you signed. I would say it's a binding agreement. Would you not? I think that what it's for. Well, do you want to explain why you're being I want to hear what you have to say. What's he being? [Music] I'm I'm being that. Okay. So, I I would think is someone who has no respect for other people's time. To me, it's when you're so selferving that showing up doesn't matter cuz it's your world and we should go on your clock in your time. Oh, wait. No, sorry. He has his assistant got him a meal. No, that's right. Your assistant got you assistant got you a meal. Brought What? You order Door Dash to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pod now? Should Should I have not shown up? Would that have been a better thing to do? You flipped it. We're back on you. Yeah, that was so silly. I I'm short. I was here on time in Door Dash. Next time I'll just be at the coffee shop for 75 minutes. Basically, I slept through D and D by accident. I forgot it was in the morning. It wasn't by accident. Oh, was Yeah, it was on purp. What are you talking about? You intentionally slept. You did not. You were not considerate. You are intentionally not considerate of our time. Why are you being an ape? right now. You hate when he's late, too. Give it. Oh, look at me. The zombies are going to come after. I'm so happy I'm the symbols. So, anyway, for the rest of the year, you can't be mean to me for being late. Not that I will be late. So, that's what I'm trying to say here is what you're saying is like that being late is okay sometimes. It's cuz Lwick's a new man. I am. Cuz I shook him down. This Aiden did shake me down. He doesn't like this. He doesn't like he doesn't like this. You know what also is weird about this is I don't show up to Lewig's house that often. I go, you know, maybe once every month and a half, once every two months, I'll show up in the morning. I'm like, Lwick, we got to talk. We got to talk. He hates this. He calls me. He in private. He tells Yangling, "You let the terrorist into my home." Dude, you show up to his house to talk to him. Yeah, cuz sometimes we got to talk a cartel. I'm upstairs. I get up. I'm brushing my teeth and I just hear I I think I was on the Pelaton. I was on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Pelaton and then I hear just the loud boom of Aiden going like, "Yeah, no, it's probably going to be more north that we're moving." But and and I'm like I'm like I'm like that can't be the right voice. This can't be That's not my beautiful. Can I show you the life you're painting of yourself? You're on the Pelon with your with your assistant nearby. You're wearing a net spin t-shirt. You're excited for Silk Song and your assistant brings your other assistant brings you food while you podcast. That's these are your alkalies. Yeah. So, go on. What did Aiden do? That's so This is actually five head. I door dash and then I timed him coming in cuz I knew he was at my house. Jesus Christ. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] electric. You're so in touch. All right. So, what did Aiden do? Oh, hold up. I'm not in touch. I'm electric. There's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] difference, buddy. Uh, Aiden showed up at my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] house and then he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shakes me down because I missed one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] meeting because I had a work thing and then he got really pissed off about it like a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, look at the windshield wipers. Windshield wipers here. Was it an important meeting? Oh, slime. I don't know. I don't know. perhaps and when you run an event company that puts on events that for your stream guys love is not the type of guy to miss something that's important because he wants to play video games or stream. That is not the kind of guy that he is. This is what I'm not going to stand here for the slander. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not allowed. He went Okay, I'm just asking questions. This is what it was. We just have this events weekly that we we do with a bunch of people at the company and it's a meeting that Lewig has to be in because it's where he answers a bunch of questions about our events. Okay. And then it has been rescheduled like five weeks in a row. Five weeks in a row. And we and we haven't had this meeting. And this week this week Connor Sea Dog VA is in town. And I hate bringing it up in front of Connor because Connor, he he wants to dive in front of Lwig and take the bullets and be like, "I'm so sorry. Like, I didn't mean to make him miss the Connor. Connor, it's not your fault, Connor. It has nothing to do with you." A little bit. They went He played hookie and went and saw a movie. No, he just skipped a meeting for a movie. I didn't skip the meeting. I said, "Hey, I have to reschedu this over the meeting time. Cancel the meeting." And I gave a fine nine-hour advance. Dude, you're crazy. He said this. No, he says nine hour advance. He said this at 2:00 a.m. in the group chat that he has with Christian Yingling. 2 a.m. is not a 9 hour. A 9 hour advance. They wake up. They wake up. So they wake up. They wake up with two hours to go. I didn't know you were sleeping. You're It wasn't a movie, by the way. It was a theatrical experience. It was Akira Kurasawa's Ram. Oh, it was for something. We were there for something. We're there at 10:40. 10 10:30. 10:40. Lewig's still upstairs, you know, presumably in his wake up routine. And I He didn't like it. And I was like, Lewig, have you thought about going to bed earlier and waking up earlier? Like, I have no option. You think I don't want to go to bed earlier? I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love that, Aiden. But I'm in bed. Last night, as an example, I get to bed at 1:00. I'm in bed last night. You know, my girlfriend's tired. She's tired. I'm like, "That's great." So, we're in bed and you know what happens? What happened? I go I go, "Am I chubby?" You say that? I said this. I I I just did that and it spawned a 30 minute conversation. Oh my god. She said, "Well, you're not not Oh, it was so much worse than that, Nick." She goes, "You're not chubby." And I go, "And I thought it was over." And she goes, "You're dense." Oh, you're dense. You're dense. And I go, "I'm dense." She goes, "Yeah, you're big." But I'm not chubby. No, you're not chubby. You're big. You're big. Like, oh, no. And then she goes, "Boom boom boom." She does this. She does this. I'm not like exaggerating a character of her. She literally goes like that. Boom. Boom. like we you you reverberate. You you cause an earthquake in the house. And I go, I'm not chubby. She goes, "You know, you're not chubby." Oh my god. Metal Mario. You're metal Mario. And I'm like I'm like, "This all seems bad." What you would think. And I was like, "Is there a light part of me?" She goes, "No, no." She's right. There's no There isn't a light part of him. Light part of him. That's very appetent on gentle forearms and hands. 30 minutes of this at from 1:30 to 2:00 a.m. Mhm. I can't go to bed earlier cuz that's when she's calling me fat time. It's every night we have calling me fat time and uh and it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 30 minutes long. We have it scheduled in. But the the end result of this was Lewig was like, I'm going to be more on time to meetings. I'm going to I'm going to respect the calendar more. You said that? Yeah. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great. Since then, since then it's been pretty we're 5 days in. 5 days. That's almost a week. That's so fun. I had one oopsie. Already? Yeah. Cartoon character. I had an oopsie. What? Well, he wouldn't he wouldn't miss anything important for video games. There was a maybe some sort of 10 year anniversary. 10 year anniversary for Nick Kid 2. Dude, maybe some sort of 10 year anniversary. That was crazy. My girlfriend. Did you go? Yeah, I went. He's known her for seven. I went on time. I showed up the the minute it started. He's He's known her for seven of those years. I went Sorry. Aiden was there. Forgot that. Forgot you were there was a squadron there. You know who went? Mike. You know where Mike lives? Pretty far away. Yeah. That's far. That's far. It's far. No, he was playing. It was important. It was like climbing game. It was like a game you climb. It's streamed for how 12 hours normal stream. It was the most interesting. Um, was it worth it? Did you finish the game? What did you play? Beat the game. Did I beat the game? I saw him beat it. I saw I beat the game at 12:30 in the morning, but it wasn't It was It was a relapse. It was dark. And I'm sorry. I was wrong for that. I played the game and I was like, "Oh, I'll beat it." And then just go. And it was like 6:00 p.m. And then it literally felt like a time lapse and it was midnight and I was in a dark place and I was like, "I need to beat this otherwise I don't have value in this world." Is not getting out free either, man. Um, she is getting out free. She was at If it If it had something to do with a FaZe member, I'm shooting her in the head on the spot. Morat's wife's wedding party. FaZe Marat. FaZe Marat. She's making the cupcakes for the wedding. They did a cupcake trying. Who is Morat? Hassan's brother. Faze Morat. But you were serious. Hassan. That that indicates it. The whole family. That's fair. The whole family's out. Whole family's out. That's fair. You can throw out the whole family with the bath water. I went and it was cool. Well, there was, you know, I was thinking about I was thinking real deep and long about this show and how sometimes we're the main enemy. Like I'm the main enemy a lot, but sometimes Aiden's the main enemy and sometimes you're the like today I think you're the main enemy because you're insane. And sometimes Nick's the main enemy. And I think there's this sitcom aspect where like everyone we all pass around the ball of being like the it's always sunny like Dennis Reynolds evil person, right? And I think the ball gets passed this week not to Lwig to Nick because what Nick did at PSL is crazy. He Oh my god. He is Slime's favorite lie of all time. I don't know why. I don't know what it is. That is a great question cuz it's interesting cuz you're you weren't at PSL and I was yet I'm excited yet I'm excited to hear the thing that you might be making up and free people who were there. I don't think it's a lie because well basically Nick made his mom work. He forced her to work PSL and she made operated a salad bar at PSL which is crazy and uh made her wear a little bow tie and like a servant classic servant guard. Don't enable him. Well, I'm just bringing up the points that I think you Well, it was I did think it was weird when I was sitting down. I was mid round and she brought around cookies on a on a silver platter each and she said sir my son said but she said it a little bit loud and then Nick shut up. What did I tell you? There's no one cookie or she went horves and Nick wenterves. You don't pronounce the Horderves. You don't pronounce the H. Yes, I hit her but that's part of our family operates that way. We're Italian that way. Uh, no. It was actually slime. I I can't even just because it was such an amazing salad bar that to express anything but appreciation. It was so funny to be like, "Everyone come to PSL this week. My mom is doing a salad bar." And I was like, "You're making your mom work it." And she's like, "No, she wants to do it." Which is just a funny conversation to have. My mom listens to our show. She heard that we said we only eat pizza. And there was a whole discussion. She's like, "What if I came and did healthy food for you guys?" It was amazing. It was genuinely such an amaz I ate so much salad. It's crazy. And then she made more of the salad. Yeah. She went and made more. That was crazy. And I was like I was like, "You don't recognize how much we all ate. We ate a lot." And I had so many cookies. Oh, that's so many cookies. The cookies were good. Those are from my hometown. You know what else she did, dude? So, I I went out PSL. I play a few games and then I am talking to Zipper 2 and Nick's mom upstairs and we're we're just we're just talking about a bunch of different stuff. Probably like an hour and a half and I got to go home. I walk into the office. I look at my desk. There's a gigantic reading light on my desk. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way. Nick's mom got me a reading light for my desk after listening to the episode. She's like, I was on the subreddit. This is too much. 17 minutes was too long. She's so tapped in. It's crazy. She listens to everything. It's insane. She listens to Lemonade Stain. Yeah, she listens to Lemonade. She's listens. She's caught up on our show, the Patreon, and his show. Wow. She's a She's just a grinder. Dude, if my mom Did she listen to M2 AF, too? No. I told her that one's not for her. You said no. I said you're not going to understand Alex. You start freestyling with her. Dude, you should have your mom on M2F. That'd be insane. Oh my god. She can't be worse than slime at COD. That's mean. No, she would be about the same. Yeah. Less motion sick. Dude, if my mom was alive, I don't think she'd listen to this show. There's this old story about, you know, how um Boomhower and King of the Hill, right? Mike Judge based that off a guy who used to call in MTV to Beas and Buttthead cuz Mike Judge made that show. He would call into MTV and he called the show Porky's Butthole because he didn't know what it was called. He's like, "Dang, I have Porky's Butthole. Come on. Turn that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off TV." And he based Boomhower on that guy. That would be my mom. She would assume that the yard is some sort of like porn and be like, "Yeah, I don't know. My son's doing great. He's doing some some thing, but it's some gay." He show He shows himself online. Works an adult. It's probably It's adult performer. Yeah. And and she would just say that and be like, "I'm so proud of him." But yeah, your mom and my mom would be very different in that way cuz she supports My mom's in between. I had a funny moment at PSL where I was, you know, I'm with my friends. I'm playing Call of Duty. were watching video games on the TV and I and I was eating the exact same assortment of snacks that my mom would make when I was a kid because my mom is making the snacks. So, it was like it was so weird. I was surreal. I ate a grape and I was like, "Oh my god, I'm nothing has changed." For 20 years, I'm doing the exact same thing. And it was a weird harrowing like I need to go move or I need to change my name or do I need to like dye my hair? Is that awesome? That's what it's all about, dude. Yeah. I was like, "Now I'm the one choosing to do it instead of just I have no other option." Dude, PSL was tough, too. Oh my god. You could have balanced teams, dude. No one cared, but I did the craziest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at PSL. Basically, every team that lost, I was like, "Nick, swap to this team." And then that team would crush and then he'd swap back. And Nick went on like a dumpster run. I hit a triple collateral. He did hit a triple collateral highrise on the last people on the team. That's crazy. I mean, I was there uh in a way. Yeah. Yeah. We had about we had about 12 to 18 people sitting around just watching Slime play League of Legends and and there's a decent amount of people in the room who were like good at League. So, a lot of people they'd see you make a decision and there would be a groan and I'd be like, "What? What? What? What do you do? What do you do?" Dude, they were so judgy. Oh, really? Because after PSL ended, everyone was gone. Like, I went pee and I was and I was like ghost town. I was like, "Whoa, people left quick." And I go upstairs and they all just started a watch party of your last game of the night. Yeah. And so they're they're commenting on it like it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know, Faker in Worlds and and if he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a single thing, it's like, well, he's washed. Yep. He's washed. It's, you know, and but it's you and you know, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a lot of things. It's more than one thing, dude. You would miss like one minion and the room would just go, "God, he's just got to get those." It was too much. She was like, "It's okay for him to miss that." I I I'll say this. When someone told me we're all watching PSL uh or watching you at PSL, I was like, "This is everything I've ever wanted." Was like a group of my friends just watching me play video games. That's that's that's the goal. Well, they're also evil cuz a lot of them just kept wanting to go into your chat to try to say something to set you off. Yeah, cuz Tubby did that. Oh my god. I almost punched him in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what? It was good that I walked by his desk when he was on that Red Bull meeting and farted right in your mouth. That's bad. I can't do that. I don't think it was bad. By the way, that's one. That's one. What? That's one. And you get three. I get three. So, I'm doing my second one today. And guess what happens when you do your third? Then I'm gone. But I get my second one. And he has to taste the my broccoli. Ew. That's just You don't eat broccoli and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Asian food last night? Yes, I have. I ate broccoli a lot actually. Last night I I had I had gas like all night, but it I couldn't fart. It like wouldn't come out and it was just like there and I was just like, "God, this sucks. It hurts." Like a cow. Yeah. When you got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then it was like midnight. I'm in bed with my lovely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 10 year anniversary [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] girlfriend. We're sitting there and I'm like, "Oh my god, it's time. It's here." So I leave the bed. I leave the bed. I go to the other side of the room and she's like, "What are you doing?" And I let out like a slime level like like like a Btier slime level fart Bart. And she gagged from the audio. You were like, "No, from the thought." Well, from the audio and then from the thought that it was in here with us. Yeah. You didn't leave the room. You just did it in the corner. She like choked and I was in my head. I was like, "Try it. You get it. You understand it. I get it one time. You understand me, dude. Try it. Try it." at the end of that episode at the end of the chat episode is like the it's I'm like crying laughing when I rewatch try it. I think it's all done. I love you. I think it says Loveage messaged me. He's like that was the funniest thing I've ever seen. It's it's like tears in my eyes funny at the end of that episode. That's so good. Why don't you help me out? You want me to help you? I've been having issues with my sleep. Guys, I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tired. Wa you sound gross. I'm just tired. You sound like a sleeping beauty character. I'm so excited. Why you calling Mark Hus? Guys. Guys, I've recently I've recently been doing some studying. Really? Yeah. I think we're a bit dumb on this show and so I decided to to increase my intelligence and I took a quiz. Oh, I a good question. He's not tired. I'm tired. I took the Helix sleep quiz. Oh, and it tells you what the best mattress is for you. I just thought of a bed. It got me again. God, you're yawning a lot. I see. Yeah, I the the Helix sweet quiz because the Helix offers 20 different types of mattresses will tell you the perfect mattress for you. And I took this quiz genuinely and I bought a Helix sleep mattress with my own money. And you might be wondering, a lot of why did you do this with your own money? It's cuz Nick took all our free mattresses. I'm so tired cuz I got such He has eight of them in his garage vertical and he's ready to sell them. one for himself then said I need one for Lewig and then just put it in his own house and then I need one for Aiden just put in his own house and now the Helix Sleep Company thinks that we all have one I just so I had to buy one I bought one what did your sleep quiz give you lewig I got the midnight lux that's what I usually and it and you know what it was pretty affordable and I got 25% off you just have to go to helixleep.com/theyard and you'll have 25% off sitewide that's helixleep.com/theyard 20% off sitewide I technically got 75% off because I used the value of all all your guys' codes um and got all those mattresses, but you can get 25% off. Use our link so they know that yard sent you. That yard sent you to find a Helix sleep mattress and you can prevent what's going on here. Yeah, this is cuz he did not sleep on his helix last night and now he's really last night because my girlfriend's mad at me now. Anyway, thanks to Helixleep for sponsoring this week's episode. Helix.com. Are weird? Splash the yard. Let's get back to the episode. a dolphin. It is dolphins whale. Yeah. I think I This is a theory I think that holds weight. We are essentially It's Always Sunny where we're all terrible people all the time, but depending on the episode, we change who has to be the less terrible person. I think I agree. Yeah, it's monster of the week, but one of us is the monster. That's right. Like friends. I'm Chandler. Oh, you are not Chandler. You might be Chandler. Who's Ross? That Zionist [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ross. Oh, yeah. Right there. Yeah, he's obviously Ross. Oh, dude. I think H. You're Joey. You're Joey. Or am I Joey? He's Joey cuz he's the more muscular. No, he's athletically disposition. He's Chandler. Chandler. I'm Joey. I feel like Chandler's too buttoned down. Joey is Johnny Bravo. Yeah, I guess I am Joey. And I'm the failed actor. I would be a failed actor, too. Aiden's actually closer to Phoebe. And you're the guy who's always trying to make things funny. And I mean that's the that's the bane of his existence. Then which which are you? Which dame are you? You're not Phoebe. He's Phoebe. If any If anyone's Phoebe, he's Phoebe. No, I think he's Ross and he's Phoebe. You're not even close to Phoebe. Phoebe. Oh my god. Name one trait. Name one trait that Nick and Phoebe have. I think their musical love. Absolutely not. They both love music. Honestly, you're um what's her name? Monica. Not Monica. That's crazy. He's monitor. That's crazy. Could be Rachel. The vote on your phone's downstairs. You're being rude. I don't think I could be Rachel, but I don't see the I don't see the You could be Rachel. We have a bit of a will that want that. Your ass is Gunther, bro. Yingo's Gunther, bro. Yingo's Gunther. And God bless him for it. Yeah, Yingo is Gunther. I think we've done this exact bar for bars. Yeah, that'd be fun. I think I called one of you Gunther. I think I called you Gunther. It's so funny that the two oldest guys on the pot are wearing net spend and blade shirts. That is really funny. Wow. Oh my. I'm by the way shirt. Where did you get Yeah, I got at the show. Where'd you get your net? This was gifted by Alex. It was a gift. Yeah, I wear All my clothes are gifts. I don't really buy too many, but I like it. That's good. I don't really like net spend too much though, so I'm a bit of a poser. I'm trying to get gift more of a two-haul his head. Okay. And he has now run out of bands to name. Yeah. Name a third artist in that genre. I only know two Hollis. Yeah. And I like Flash. You tweeted at Two Hollis the other day and Alex hit me up. He's like, "Why is Lwig talking to Two Hollis?" Like I would know the answer. Uh cuz he said, "I love my fans." And I said like, "We love you." You're 30. Oh man. Did you see the 71year-old Eyish Show speed fan? Yeah. No. No. What? I show Speeds at a restaurant. A 71-year-old lady comes through and she's like, "Speed, I found you. I've been following you all day." And he's like, "Who's who's grandma?" Yeah. And then she's like, and then she just goes off. She's like, "Yeah, you were in Philadelphia and then Troy and then you were hanging out with uh Lamar Jackson." And he's like, "Wait, you watch?" He's like, "Yeah, every day." I told you I'm That's so sweet. And so anyway, that's me with Tu Hollis. That is you with Tu Hollis. I listen to you. Two Hollis. I'm also having real real sex like you. And then I do the firework noise in Minecraft. Dude, I had a dream the other Oh, wait. This is it. This is her. Oh, she's Oh, she looks like Hold up. Chill. She looks like Charlie Day's mom and Always Sunny. She does. He kind of does. Yeah. A very cute sound. He is also jacked, bro. I've been watching these clips. His arms are gigantic. He's an athlete, bro. Thank you. I didn't mean to interrupt you. No, thank you. A It's worth taking a money. Is this is that a crypto coin? Yeah, that's disgusting. It's worth taking a look. This is the most insane brain rot I've ever seen. Uh I feel like is speed I was having this thought. I was like speed's kind of he's kind of for everybody. Don't you think? Yeah, he's like I I feel like he's everybody can enjoy what he's doing. It's fun watching clips until you see the Valor clips and you're like, "Oh, it's the Lost Tapes." Then you're like, "Oh, that's not good." The Los was the one bit that he used to run that was cursed, which is if we were the last two people alive. Yeah. Would you have sex with me? And then and then they'd say no. And then he'd be like, "Who's going to stop me?" And then and then he ran that like 40 times. Surely he was like 16 or something or 17. Yeah, he was. He was. He was. Which is why which is why people go ah they they don't want to see what I'm saying to people in Street Fighter when they go into the custom room with me. Yeah, we know what it is, bro. Do you want to show me your child footage? Childer, dude, I was talking to Dude, Brian F me messages me, my coach for the AJ Slam. He's like, "Dude, why do you people why why do you keep trying to talk to people in game? That is insane." And I said, "No one wants to have a conversation with me." And I said, "I just want justice when they play like an animal. I want to tell them that. I want to say, hey, what are we doing here as humans?" And he told me, which is, I think, pretty good advice. The online ranked opponent is the Chevy Silverado with LED headlights that cuts you off in traffic. They are not a human. They are an abstract antagonistic force. And I was like, I don't think I can. That's why I'll never be great. I can't see the world the way Brian can see the world. It's funny that you need them to play in a way that you deem respectful. I don't need them to do that. I if I beat them, I also It's funny. I also go into the chat if they if they do and I say, "You play like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] animal and I beat you." That's I I would argue that's the only time you can say it because you have to win. Yeah. If not, I'm just being a complainer and I'm being a child. But that's always You've earned your right. I I love people who It's like Falcos who hold down the entire time and and make you chase after them and then you finally squeak out the win even though they've execution checked you the whole time and you say you're a dog. You're a dog and you'll never be great and and because you play like this, you'll never do well ever. What a snake. Peak player telling Falco, "Stop holding down." Like I want to have this with him. You're right. Don't hold down. have this with him. It's grim. My character doesn't do it. You play secret. My character does it. My character does it. When you do it, you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dog. I'm a genius. Put you into the game. My bra's here. I was also thinking a lot like the the meme in in a lot of League is like low master like pig. Yeah. You know, and it's like, what the hell was that sentence? There's low master. There's I hear the words, but what does that mean? Low master player. You're you're low elo master player. Oh, like like the illusion of being good. Sorry. Sorry. Uh primary low master primary rank. And so, but yeah, the idea is that if you're low master and people are above you that that you are just absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trash dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the game. And I'm like Jake's been playing his whole life. Miles playing his whole life. These guys cannot hit master. And I'm like, what are we what is it always just a punch down? Is that how it works? I I think once you reach a rank, I think you can make fun of people more freely at a rank like that because it's like you've put in the time and you to get to that point. So you clearly have a broader understanding of how the game works. So if you continue to be a pig, I get to say something about it. I think that's the way I look at it because I would never it's like if if some guy in Melee is like making me mad, but he's like platt or like he's a guy who goes one and two at his local. It's like he's just a guy who plays melee. But if you're, you know, if you're a decent player who's doing, you know, dogging me in the game with with with heinous tactics, it's like, no, you you got here. We're both here. Learn learn the game properly. So, there's like a there's like a bracket in online games where like someone gets to and you're allowed to call them a pig, but if they don't reach that like sort of arbitrary, not arbitrary, but like that spectrum of skill, then they're just like plumbers. Yeah. You know, I think it is. It's like it's like it's it's a lot it's a lot about time in. If you're like a silver bronze player, you're likely a new player. If you're not, it's crazy. Like like if you've been playing a league for like four years hold my girlfriend listens to this podcast and she likes playing. No way out of this one. I really thought maybe there's a way to What you're saying is so many people though. Bot lane is so it's you're relying it's RNG. It's so hard to get the support. The support is like my support. Don't die. Don't die. My support's always so dumb. To justify her rank. She's at rank cuz she actually just likes the game. She doesn't like improving. She doesn't like winning. No, she just likes playing. I think that's most people though. That's most people and they don't think and they just want to But then you also have like the master player who's probably someone who's played league for the past [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] since high school, right? And they're about to be 30. And I think that those are both funny concepts. It's like or like like the the player who like has played for so long and isn't at the top. It's like make fun of you. Like you've played so long I've and then you should be higher. That's what in Street Fighter you can immediately check their profile and it tells you the amount of hours they played in what modes. So it would be like 700 hours in ranked, 100 hours in training mode. And I use this to feel better. We all care about this. Like you could play you could play against a diamond player like in a normal and you could and then you can go check their thing and they've been diamond for 40 seasons and you're like hard stuck loser. But if this guy But if this guy's only played for like eight seasons, you're like, "God, that guy was so good. He's the same rank." Yeah. The the Yeah. The way we cope is something I'm interested in in thinking about more because I'm, you know, I'm so games. Yeah. It's all ego. It's all ego. And that's the only reason you'd ever rank check someone below you. Yeah. or above you or above you. Yeah, we're all looking to be ego proof by by reaching a color in a video game that no one can make fun of in an amount of time that's respectable and I've achieved it. Yeah, you did genuinely. Yeah. PNG hunting. You got your PNG. I got my PNG and now I am untouchable by anyone. It feels nice to collect the PNG. Breaching Immortal was one of the great PGs of my life. I think you're going to need to do I think you're going to need to do the the Tyler one. I think you need to hit platin every every every roll to plat. If you do that, no one can say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to you for the rest of your damn life, but people are always going to do a little bit of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to you. Like us, we literally did that the other day. We said because we're doing race to gold and I'm top lane and he's mid and we said jungle's not allowed because it and then because we said with Ludwick went to a lane and it just didn't work. There's a secret elo in the jungle. Secret gold. Where where were you finding the I'm gold one right now in support. Really? Was it Oh, it's Is it in the bushes on the support account I have? All right. Not like it's not like a league [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up one. It's like a regular one. Well, actually, they'll ban it. So, the role that gives you passive gold. Anyway, you leveled it. This is I'm trying to take it not about League itself. The role that gives you passive general like the way we process online game PGs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. What What's your problem, Net Spen? I actually have no problem at all because I understand where this comes from. You are currently, if no one's watching, getting mogged by Nick. You said no one's watching. No, I'm saying you're getting mogged to anyone who's not watching. Oh, yeah. It's not a mogging. He is two wins apart. It's a flogging. The race has started. Have you Have you thought about who you think is going to win? I've recently pivoted my answer. Uh, want to say it on three? Yeah. One, two, three. Nick. Nick. Okay, you're fake. Cuz I thought this before. I did pivot. Why'd you pivot? I pivoted when I saw the first uh pool of data resultsoriented. No, not the not the wins and the losses. The uh maybe the mental approach to the game. What are you talking about? This is the moment I changed my mind. The moment I changed my mind was at PSL actually and it was so the first Slime's on the big TV and it's awesome. I wasn't even playing or you weren't even playing and it was it was awesome because Slime was Slime was playing nuts in his first two games. He's like he's d thought. Uh, it was it was a brutal fogging of the enemy. He looks like the greatest volley bear to ever do and you're pretty locked in. You only say something like every minute or two and then it it is beautifully mixed into the music that Nick has chosen to play in the room. Intelligent jungle liquid drum and bass. It just sounds like it's part of the song, which is which was kind of awesome. did sound like you were just doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] voice lines for music and and when things were, you know, and when you're in this grand position of of flogging the game, you start to take riskier, you know, riskier decisions, I would say. And then but but you're still winning and but I mentally kept that into account. And I I went upstairs, like I said, and I come back down like hours later, and uh I see Kelby sitting on the couch and he says he says immediately to me, he's like, "Yeah, uh don't say anything in the chat right now." Uh he said he's not going to like it. And I was like, "Kelby, what did you say, man?" That's why And then I And then I turn to the TV and I see the the 20 record that we had started the evening off of was now two and four. And Slime is like loudly flaming on the stream, but he's not flaming the game anymore. He's just getting mad at chatters every 10 seconds. It's not that bad. It is that bad. No, it's too bad. It's been way worse, I promise you. But that's not like a good thing. It is a good thing. It's demonstrabably better than it used to be. What it was is still too bad for you, I think, to have a consistent amount of success. So, the fra I'm I'm seeing the mental fracturing uh in real time. Can I say what I think's happening in his head? Yeah. Cuz what happens? He has this new tick. What? This new obsession with calling Yeah. both opponents and teammates child molesters. I think you say it so much. I don't say I I I said it one time in that stream cuz I counted cuz I've been saying it too much. So do not hit me with that. I think you say it so much that you start to genuinely believe that the person you're dealing with is a child molester. I do think that I think I think you say it so much that you've started counting. Yes. But but what I'm saying is he doesn't have the He's lying about the data one time. No. And I respect that because sometimes you have to count the packages. I had a I had a beautiful realization last night. I got a Magi raid while I was streaming and and I was like, "Oh, hey Magi." And then I said my Puff Beater Falcon once and I of course that was awesome. Um and then I was like, "Uh, hey guys, welcome. This is a game called League of Legends. Imagine if all the players who engage with Melee online and don't go to tournaments were the players. Yeah, that's League of Legends. That's League of Legends. I realize that's kind of how it is for this game. It's all the Dmons of the planet all coalesed into the rift. But you're one of the Dmonons, dude. Okay, so yeah, you are a Dmon. I'm a Dmon, but I'm much I'm much much quieter cuz like dude, we played a normal last night. We lost. It was me and Zeke. And they the other team was just like calling us insane [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like they were calling us like racist names. I'm like, "Dude, we just lost the game." Like we were not flaming. We were not saying anything. Get dog walked to like and then try to say the nword in a creative way. And I'm like I just it was crazy. If if you're a person if you're a person getting like that over normal games cuz this happened in CS this week, too. And the other the other team was complaining about how their fifth was like running it down in like a normal comp game we were playing. It was 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday. I think they that's why they boot up the normals. They don't boot it up to play the game. They boot up to say the Slayers. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, there's a part of that. Like obviously me and Zeke were like these guys needed this win. We thought they were a duo. It was two of them being insane to us. So, we looked it up later on on the website and they weren't even duoed. They were just two crazy guys that were on the same team. They were in a way. They were. Yeah, they were spiritually duoed. And I was like, they needed this really bad. But what I'm trying to say is I don't start flaming. I'm usually my rule is Flaming loses you games unless I think it's already lost and I'll be like I know this is a normal but I want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] find your address, you know? Like I'll say it in the at the buzzer instead of like I die once in lane and I'm going insane on all chat. I don't do that. I uh I they say, you know, 33% of league games you are already going to win. 33% you're always going to lose. 33% you have control over. You know, those are the ones you rank up by. And I had a game last night that felt like the middle of 33 where I was like, "We lost it." But we started off the game like 20 to1 in kills and we lost it. It was like a ridiculous swing and and it felt to me like it just it was not my fault. Like my team just started in out of nowhere. I had no control over it. Whatever. So I was like that's the only game I'm going to go watch. So I go watch that game and there was a distinct moment where uh Rift Herald is just walking up mid behind me. I don't know how it got there but Rift Herald's walking up behind me and I'm like oh cool. And I click Rift Herald and I say here I come. I am Rift Herald and I go all the way to their tier two. I have no teammates with me. I go all the way to their tier two. I hit their tier two and then I fly out and and there's four people on me. I flash out and I I live the interaction, but this causes my team to team fight, which I did not want. Like I was just trying to take the tier two. This causes a team fight that my team gets out of and I don't. So I re-engage on the team fight that they try to save me from and they leave and then I die. And I realized that in hindsight that was probably the play that lost the game. It was the saving private Ryan and then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ryan goes in and like Ryan, we tried so hard. Uh and yeah, that game that game caused like a massive gold swing that I think won the game for them. Yeah, online games are poison and they uh they ruin any semblance of humanity that we have. True. So join me in the future of all video games. Climbing. The pelon is on the video game. Okay. Northern lion. Wait, are there other are there video games on the screen? You can play uh Lime Break. What's Lime Break? What about like Uno? Can you play like Uno with other Pelon people? You can't play Uno, but they should come out with Pelaton games. Yeah, be crazy. And then you do one ves. You should get into a pelon poker league. Such a good idea. What about Pelaton 1v ones? And it's like a game and the way you bike influences the decisions. Yeah, that'd be crazy. Pelonjack knockout race. Pelon blackjack. Pelon gambling. Like you juice your account with like real Pelaton bucks and to hit you have to have a certain resistance on your bike. Wait. Oh, so you need to you need to pedal hard enough and then you actually all determined. You win PBS. You win P- bucks and you spend on awesome pelon chess. But to keep your clock going down at a normal rate, you have to pedal or else or else it goes faster. Goes faster. So if you pedal, it just goes down by 1 second normally. But if you stop pedaling or you go slower, the clock moves faster. That's a good idea. That's fun. Why don't they do this? This is why Pelon, hit us up. This is why these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at these corporate [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] places don't understand, bro. They're doing good. They don't have gamers on the roster, bro. Uh, no. Companies need more gamers that work there. Real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think any marketing since the Sex in the City scandal. Sex in the City. Carrie Bradshaw. What was the what was the scandal? There was a Pelaton ad in Sex in the City and they had like one of the characters was supposed to ride it and then they had a heart attack while riding it and then they aired it and then Pelon's like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why would you do that?" They aired the heart attack. They aired the episode where the character has a heart attack and dies. Oh, the character does while riding the pelon. Not the actor. No, no, no. The actor's fine. Oh. Oh. Oh. The charact. It's written in the show that ride the Pelaton have heart attack. They died for real, but they still aired it on Sex in the City. It was really good acting. That's so dope. Sex in the city. And then and then Pelaton stock tanked and it was a whole drama. Coming coming back to it quickly. I explained why I changed changed my my horse in the kilt today. What? That is crazy. That's stolen valor to connect with my Scottish roots. Not a kilt, man. It's low. It's a double kilt. Those are awesome shorts. Glad shorts are double kilt. I'll have no other questions on this matter. Here, I'll lift it up. No, stop doing that. This is way better. I see your nuts now. Stop doing that. I see your nuts. I'm looking at his balls. Oh, don't poke your nuts. If you want relax. So, he can't even poke his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nuts in the If he sniffs that finger, I want you to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hyper zoom. I want you to enhance that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Keep an eye on I'm I'm watching those fingers the rest of this damn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] recording, dude. Why Why do you think Why do you think come out on top? Huh? Why do you think Nick will come out on top? Uh, for what I said. because the because he is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] also his Vex is electric and he doesn't throw games. He's more careful being nice to me. Something happened. I think because you didn't It's because he didn't come to my anniversary. I've said this to people at PSL. I think it's harder for him to believe that I'll win. I I think it's generally just he's I'm sorry, but this is a database decision he's making. This has nothing to do with him liking you. It's just the truth. I throw games. Well, you guys at the beginning. I thought the exper I thought the Dodie experience I guess not throw. That's all there is to it. What did you say? Me and Nick trip. Yeah. When is this again? This weekend. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're bailey. No, I'm in. Are you out? I'm there. We're supposed to be flying 911. Oh my god. Scary. I'm not allowed to fly out of that. You have to be on the front line. That's good. That's good because you can't if you don't fly on 911, you're letting them win. We're flying 911 to New York. In like 3 days. Yes. It's Thursday. We're flying 911 to New York and I'm getting a picture with the captains. Do you really? Yeah. I'm going to say, "Hey, can I get a picture?" Such a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Can I get a picture of the captain? Captain, captain, can I get a selfie with you and my commemorative pocket knife? And then I'm going to wait. Let's do a picture with the captains. But then we're like 3 2 1. And it's like we're we look like we're crashing and the captains are like, "Why'd you do that in the picture?" It's like, "Oh, it's a posing video." Captain, if you had to pick a building that's still up, what would it be? It's a It's a Snapchat filter where uh Who's the actor? Was it Matt Damon? No, it was the other one. Mark the Snapchat filter where Mark Wahlberg is storming the cockpit. I You both have shirts on that just say, "I have a box cutter in my pocket right now." Bomb. Real bomb. Oh, we did the real bomb bit. Yeah, that was a classic. Yeah. Are you chill to fly on 911? Yeah, I'm with you, bro. Yes, I might do something a little crazy. What are you talking about? What do you mean do something a little crazy? No, we'll have to wait till we're on the plane. And FBI guy watching this. I don't endorse that. I met um I might road trip home. What? Caleb wants to road trip from New York to LA. Whoa. Roadhead. Nope. There will be no road trip. Roadhead with CP. No. No, I'm coming. Don't say that. Hey, if look, if you bust in that car, that's would get you banned on Twitch. That's all I'm going to say. The great thing is you keep getting older, but that car stays the same. Someone someone joined my chat and was like, "Here cuz of CP and like like they got like banned or something and I unbanned them, but I'm like CP is allowed here." But I actually didn't think about what I was saying. I was like, "Okay, if you're new to the channel, I've got some explaining. some explaining to do. You're I mean, the good thing is there's a cultural shift in the name, so eventually CP will be chill. There's a cultural shift going on in general, dude. Kelby, it was I I was actually very uh I was impressed by him cuz he's like Peterbot is still like playing in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Fortnite stuff and I think that's cringe uh because of the video. And he was like, "Yeah." And so I've been I I think that's annoying about his social justice. Yeah. Like I didn't know you had principles, bro. That's awesome. I'm still going to fart near your mouth. That I think is crazy. I think it's crazy to fart in someone's mouth. Help me. His mouth is crazy. I'm not farting in his mouth. You're the one saying I'm farting near his mouth. Respect me. He doesn't respect me. So I'm at three. You're genuinely out. I know. And you know what's going to happen? What? You're going to we're going to literally build a ladder that goes up to this room and you're going to have to go through that ladder. That's going to cost you guys a lot of money. And I'll spend it. I'll spend every dollar. Is that Are you saying he should be too scared to climb it? Is that what you're saying? No, I'm saying he can't enter that room to go into here. I asked if he Oh, a ladder to this room. There is a way to get in here without going to the office. Not even that one. Not even that one. The stairs are off limits. Yeah, you could put like employee key codes on that door and the one out there. Yep. And then he'd only have this access. Dude, just logging you out with key codes would be insane. Also, Kelby didn't care when I farted near it. Hold up. He did. He did. He did. He was not a fan of what we're talking about. Oh, only cuz he was on a call. Am I Am I insane? Like I don't know why you're trying to gas up your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] farts like like sitting down and you farted at mouth level in a driveby. He was at work in a meeting and he was probably taking a breath in. Tell Red Bull to try. It's a 50-50 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] choice. Try it, Red Bull. Try it, bro. Red Bull. Try it. Red Bull. Dude, I make you try it. That is so disgusting to think about. It's not that disgusting. Let me fart in your mouth. Fine. Really? Would you let us fart near my mouth? Stop saying in. It's disgusting. So, it's disgusting how you keep saying in cuz of strikes by letting Nick do that. Can I? Yeah. Can I reverse them? If all three of us get a turn. Yeah. Yeah. Near my mouth. Yeah. All three of us need a turn. Give us a turn. Fine. But not till we all have a turn. Does the strike go? I'll call this bluff. It's not a bluff. Take your pants off. I'm saying the strike exists. Still the Whoa. Through the pants. Where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were you? You're going to eat it through the jeans, my brother. Why you trying to take my pants off? I'm just saying we're If you want to do this, I'll call the bluff. What are you trying to What are the bluff? The bluff that we won't take the opportunity. Yeah. To fart near my mouth, not in my mouth. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freak. First off, the issue with the issue with No. Here's why I wouldn't take the opportunity. I would if it was a pure opportunity. No, because because he will use it to justify all his future behavior even though it's not part of the deal. Yeah, he and that's not worth the trade. It's a bad trade for us. You're basically saying like slime, I don't like when you do this thing and he's like, "Well, do it to me." And then you do it and he's like, "Great, game on." Yeah, exactly. Kind of like what I don't know, Lewig's doing with the being late thing. Uh, no. Never. No call, no show to my life. Never will. It's true. You did a a more egregious thing. You keep saying no call, no show like we work at [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Subway. You would have gotten [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] straight up fired from Apple. Uh you No, you get a warning. Not a warning. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 3.5 deer merit points. You You love demerits, too. Why do you think you've been fired from every job you've had? Cuz I was bad at them. I've never been fired from my jobs. I've been fired from all I'm bad at all jobs. Are you Are you just bad at things you don't want to do? I'm think I'm just not very uh I think I was Sorry, I was thinking of something else. I was thinking of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] different thing. I think I'm not very detail oriented and I think uh scheduling was a problem I used to have. Literally all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you lied about on your interview. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just like a detail oriented like always on time. I actually think I'm really good at interviews. That's probably the biggest issue is Oh, people love you. I bit off more than I could chew and then I chewed it. The only job I ever didn't get was Starbucks. You didn't get it? No. Damn. I failed you. You must had [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I literally thought it was my first interview I ever did. I thought I was flames. I was like, "Oh, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nailed that." Going to the local getting O2. Yeah. I remember the only interview I failed was at Polygon. Oh, yeah. I remember that. Oh, yeah. Polygon in New York. I had an interview with them. What was the place you almost worked where Slime was like, "Don't do that." It was social media for CMG. Yeah, CMG. It was like a gambling Call of Duty site where you would do wagers. Oh, wait. Yeah, wagers. And they still they still use that, right? I think they still use it. I think it's still going. Oh, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Yeah, you could have been a thousand. If they offered me 65k, I would have been working on Rodeo. My [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy cuz I would have to work at Rodeo. Well, you were in Snapchat, which was same same version, same area. Uh, no. Santa Monica. Oh, never mind. Oh, I also commuted from the valley. You ever been fired? No. Me and you? Never fired. ever. Huh? Not yet. I got fired. Not yet. From a coffee shop. Wait a second. Lwig has been talking about firing Aiden and it's been really funny. When have I said that? Uh, like literally 4 days ago. That's true. I'd love if you fired me. I'd love that. I said that. I'd love if you finally stepped up and made a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] decision. Oo. Tell them. Tell them, Steve. Dave, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fire me. You want my first decision to be to fire you? H. You want my first decision to be to fire you? It'd be funny. It would be funny. See, that's why we're the same. I love how you're embracing the slime lifestyle. I would do a public flogging. What's flogging? Is that racially charged? No. It's It's like a human beat someone with like a paddle. You flog them. Cuz the motions you're doing are racially charged. Flog. H kind of. Yeah. Well, it's an Irish thing, so it's probably racially charged. You have to imagine that an item in my hand is not what you think it is. Heard. I don't know if it's an Irish thing or if it's just that song, Flogging Molly. That is a band. Yeah, but I know. But don't like Flogging Molly. Like I don't know if that song from Tony Hawk, which is the only reason I or most people know Flogging Molly, uh, is because it's Irish or because they used it in What's the modern day version of that? I feel like Tony Hawk put so many people on in music. Same with ATV Off-Road Fury. Tik Tok. Just Tik Tok. But like is are you farting? No, I have a butt problem. I might have to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I might have diarrhea right now. Oh, okay. I just heard that joke. Yeah, you heard it. That wasn't a fart. I know. It was just when when you're sounded like it was an inverted fart. You farted inside. Yeah, I have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tummy problem. Why do you have a poop problem? I don't know, man. What's going on with you? My poop has been so regular, by the way. Really? I want to hear inside me. What do you eat? Cuz I think in my mind it's still like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anchovies and like I eat normal food, bro. I ate [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like chicken sandwiches, salads. I think I just genuinely have like weird digestive uh cycles like a hot girl. Oh, are you sure? Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, when like your butthole There it goes. Okay, dude. This can't be healthy. What the dude? You're you're mainlining 5 hours of League of Legends and having [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot girl tummy problems. What are you talking about? A day of food for you. A day of food. Time included. I eat um wake up the time. Okay. 10 11 I What's your I'm realizing now that we don't live with him. I I don't understand. Much like the eating like his you know his sleep schedule slime's sleep schedule is it's bifphasic it's called. I have to go. I have to poop. I'm sorry. I thought he was and I'm not fart I guess. Yeah please. Cuz you have something no out of. We have to work still. We are covering your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's a poop fart. Go poop. He's just dude. This is insane. This is insane. It's like I'm looking at my little brother [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] his pants in the corner. [Laughter] If I smell that thing, this episode's over early. It would be an early ender. I wouldn't even blame you for it. E, what was Slime's old sleep schedule used to be? We We'd get home from work and then he'd go to sleep right away. He'd he'd go to sleep at like semi say like a nap 6 p.m. take a nap, but it wasn't an actual the nap was like he'd sleep from 6 until like midnight. I think the reason he didn't know I played League yesterday is cuz he was asleep and I played from like 300 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. It was a long time or 3:00 to 7:00 p.m. It was the middle of the day. Yeah. I think he just I think he takes nap during the day and I think he sleeps at night, but I think he does like fivehour shifts. Yeah, he does two 5 hour sleeps a day. And I don't believe what for a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] second they call it by phase. Can you look up by phasal? I see I want to see if there's any merit to this being good for you. Like it's a term that's like this is normal there. It's called this. Yeah. There's there's a a sleep pattern where individuals divide their sleep into two distinct periods. Typically a short wakeful period in between. It's different than the monopasic sleep where individuals sleep for one continuous. There's just two two sleep periods. Yeah. I just think he takes a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nappy time because he likes nappy time. No, but it's not it's not a nap, right? Cuz they're both both of the sleeps are the same length. I think his nighttime sleep is shorter. You know what I think is interesting about Slime is that he doesn't have the the part of his So, I don't know if you guys have this. For me, a big thing, a big reason I'm bad at taking naps. And a big reason for that is I feel like I'm wasting my day if I spend a part of it asleep. Even if I'm tired, I'll just like I'll just I'd rather go get a coffee or like or like go outside or something and like wake myself up because I know I'll I'll go through it at some point. I will not be tired anymore. Like if I if it's if it hits like even if it's like 9:00 p.m. and I'm like I could go to sleep right now. I'm like I worked all day. I want to play some video games and then by the time it hits midnight I'm awake. So I just don't think he can handle tired. I think he I think he likes how it feels to give into tired. Like I want to be asleep now. I will now. He's nothing impeding this in his life anymore either. No, nothing nothing is forcing him to not. I've always been so I mean I guess he slept through the D and D show last week, but I've always been so impressed at his ability to like He was in the Discord at like he got he got into the Discord last night at like 1:00 a.m. So I don't even know. He had to wake up early kind of. No, that's what I I think it's like two five or four hour shifts that he does every day. and he stays up until like he sleeps in the middle of the day for 5 hours and then he goes to bed at like 4 or 5 a.m. and then sleeps for 5 or 4 hours. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] buy this whole what do you eat and he's like salads. He does eat salads. Yeah, but he's also eating some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] probably. But he does eat a lot of salads. He's eating hella [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He he orders salad with no dressing to the house and then he puts olive oil on the salad at home. Less [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Just like literally just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leaves. Like like I was telling you, he eats plain salad. You should buy arugula. I could not tell, dude. He uber eats salads. Yeah. With no dressing and then puts olive oil that he buys himself. Such a waste of money on the Yes. I know. Yes. You could salad is so easy to make. Yes. All of this is true. I'm coming back to God. I realized what I spent seven years being a degenerate streamer who door dashes every meal and sleeps in and doesn't adhere to his schedule. And now I'm coming to God and I'm waking up and I have an early Pelaton schedule and I'm back to doing laundry and I'm and I'm hopping back grocery shopping. That face. I haven't missed a meeting in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one week. One whole week, young man. Um, legacy is is is completely fixing my life. Dude, shut up. I'm not kidding. You know what time I went to bed last night? Honest to God, you know what time I got in bed last night? This heroin that I started doing has helped me amazingly. No, no, it's not. It's It's like It's like he's turned No, it's it's I've turned heroin into my work. Yes. Yeah. No, it's more like I started taking Adderall. Have you uh It was hot. So hot. You a hot butt. That's so hot. Did you eat anything that was spicy? I got hot butt. No. Does it burn right now? Yeah. It still You use a bedetate. Your hole hurts. You know how you take a big one and like your butt kind of hurts? I think you have an anal fissure for a little bit. No. No, I've had that. I don't know what that like. I know what that's like and that's not it. You've had it. I think we should tier list Anony's character traits. What are you talking about? Oh my god. Because the list is it's the one person among us that I think it's big enough to do it just him cuz it's a cartoonishly long list. We were just talking about your salad behaviors. My salad? I disagree with them. Excuse me. What kind of salad do you order? Depends. Why don't you just make the salad? because I don't want to do that because then you got to go to the grocery store and you got to chop it all up and you got to do all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I don't have to. So, I don't want to. You know what's crazy? I think if if once a week you paid one person to like meal prep for you or like make the salads like all at once and you just like kept them in the fridge for like the week. That would probably be cheaper than what you're doing. I know someone who runs a salad bar. I'm not kidding. She would do that. Not that you should ask her to, but she would be like, I will absolutely make and bring slime salad. I if if what if me and your mom develop a very funny relationship? Funny because there you you stepped the rake was huge and you still stepped on it. Like I I the easy joke is that me and your mom develop an awesome relationship, but it'd be way more funny if me and your mom start talking a lot like as like two humans. I'm stepping I'm jumping on the rake. My mom wants that. That's at PSL. She was like I think she was like watching you on the screen. She's like I've got to get his phone number. You know what? Maybe maybe excluding I mean I feel like all of our all of our parents uh the ones that are alive. Yes. That are have a fascination with Anthony specifically. Like they all they all ask about him because you're like check in. They like my my family's always like does he want to come home for Christmas? Like like is he like my dad my dad is like is he doing okay? Why? That's so awesome. That's I I appreciate that. That's love. Your mom doesn't feel that way, though. My mom is French. Yeah. So, she But I think Peter does. My mom vaguely is interested, but she thinks you got it covered. See, and I respect that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think if she found out how you lived, she would be more concerned. What do you mean concerned? If I told her, "You live essentially the same way." No, you order food. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slop town. Sorry. Different. You don't order food, do you? I order food. Oh, hello. Hey, cuz that's what I'm being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crucified for. But I usually go out and get it. Uh or cutie cooks and I eat some leftovers. I'm a leftover fiend cuz she doesn't touch them. Didn't touch them. She's a fake leftover head. Interesting. I mean, if you have a girlfriend who's cooking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food and you get hella leftovers, that's the goat world, right? That's my It's my life. I'm just saying I think we're we are much more similar than you. I'm saying I'm coming back to God. I'm realizing that I've left his grace to be a streamer who door dashes and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sits in in in a hole and day by day I'm coming back day by day. Yes. Starting when? It's been a slow process. It's not It's on every day. Yeah. I buckle. Can you just do League again? No, bro. I'm done with that game. That's your best stream. I'm done with that game. Don't listen to him. I'm done with that. He knows what lead. It's your best stream, bro. Oh, bro. I'm going to put Silks on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] year, dude. It was so No, he was so good. League Week was so good. But that was the thing. It's cuz it's so rare. He really doesn't want it. Dude, I was uh watching Shopfire Rebellion cuz they were they're close to making it to Worlds. Like, there's a genuine shot they make it to Worlds. Uh if I asked Kelby this question, would he agree with me? Yeah, he would agree. But we basically have to beat Hundred Thieves. And so we had like a match for seating against them. It doesn't eliminate, but I'm watching it because it's still kind of important. And Nadeshot the same time this match is going on tweets out going live on kick.com spinning 50k on Rubet. The same time that his team is in like probably the biggest match they've been in in a long time. This is also while people are being like, "Yeah, my career at 100 Thieves has been great, but I'm getting laid off." Yeah. Yeah. It also turns out there was a round of layoffs which I didn't even know. I found out from Kelby that night. I thought it was funny that he was doing it during the league match. They shot on kick with one of his employees. I'm going to tell you what, bro. I'm going tell you what. We're going to do the spin. If it hits, you should keep your job. You keep your job, bro. I'm dead ass, bro. Pat goes backwards. I do think that one time Lwig said something I thought was very interesting. He's like, "Sometimes you don't get to go live." And I was like, that's a good way to put it. Uh, but I don't know. Maybe HR just thinks he's so disconnected. It's like, I'm a streamer, bro. No, he tweeted out this morning. Oh, he's sorry. Big old apology. Oh, for real? That's cool. I thought his whole thing is that he's not really involved anymore. Uh, he's dead ass the owner. Yeah, but he doesn't do anything like intentionally. I mean, like, he's on the board and the owner. Like, I don't think he doesn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about League of Legends. Uh, I don't even think the League of Legends was the problem. That's not what he apologized for. He apologized for going live to do a gambling stream like the same time the layoffs were as opposed Oh, the layoffs. The layoffs are the bigger problem. I only saw the league thing and I thought the league thing was funny. Yeah, that's more funny than sad. Yes, the layoff thing is just sad cuz people are just losing their job and he's ripping 50k on Rubet. Oh my god. Yeah. I mean, if he's like it's it's really interesting. I think there's a ton deafness that he's had a lot and he's like just keeps doing these things, but he's also Nadeshot. So, there's this level of like, ah, it's Nadeshot. Uh, but I guess this one penetrated the membrane. Uh, yeah. I also think it's just 100 Thieves fans are abandoning ship. And so, come to Shopfire Rebellion. Shopify Rebellion, the coolest name in esports. It's It sounds so nice off the Shopify Rebellion. The jerseys are like that. Shopfire Rebellion. At least we didn't sell out to Riad yet. Shopify rebellion. You can still sell some crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, let's be real is all this says it. Let's be real. You can still sell crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Lol. It's your shop. Do what you want. Do what you want. Shopify rebellion. Maybe the jersey is like a gummy worm you stepped on. Dude, everyone's saying bring back the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baseball jerseys, bro. We got to bring it back. If Lwig made a huge push. The moist mogul one. Those ones. I'll get him to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] change it, bro. Dude, let me design them. Get design. I want to design the Shopify jerseys. You can do that. There's going to be hella [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anime girls on them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I would be down for that. We're going to full wrap those nerds and some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Give me the Gro girl. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] will look like a Honda Civic in Rolling Heights. Yeah, we're we're doing a jersey and and goon. And that's the material. Jersey and full Goon jerseys. Jersey and Goon by Nick. Egyptian goon 100% thousand count Egyptian goon hang dry wash inside out shop yeah EVO is getting a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz their their parent company got bought out by the Saudis and everyone's like mad it was weird cuz even Pokey got like caught in the crossfire and it's like guys it's okay I don't think Pokey was in the room she with NBS she's the shot of EVO she's the nshot of EVO I think she wasn't even that was the thing she had already like sold a part of the company know who Rubet do not come from Pokemon. All I'm saying, bro, is we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hella rich. The EVO boardroom with ugly jerseys. The the EVO boardroom. Like, all right, guys. We got rid of the pedophile. It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, but we need a new leader. We're thinking maybe Saudi Arabia, the second option. And then everyone, everyone's like, that sounds better than pedophile. They look at their banking account, they're like Everybody, every employee can vote. Vote on your phones. Uh, which do you think is more heinous? Uh, pedophile operating the company or the brutal murder of a journalist. Uh, just everybody, it'll be anonymous. Nobody know what you voted for. I don't really think journalism is that valuable anymore. I I think Okay, here's my real take. I'm going to get real on the show. Get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] real. I think there are so many people that have ownership in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they don't believe in or whatever. And we it's mostly of the time invisible. And I think people in FGC are like, "This sucks, bro." Like the like people who are gay are not going to be allowed to go to EVO and pronouns on stream are going to be outlawed. And it's like, I don't think that's the case. I think they just want to make money and they don't care. And like it so there's this like idea like you're mad for the wrong reasons. The reasons like oh this is going to step on our like way of life. It's like I actually don't think that's the case. They also don't even watch EVO. They show up to Vegas and they take meetings at Mandalay Bay with other executives and they don't watch the stream. It it's it's okay. I think it's okay to be like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks and makes me feel nasty. But to imply that it's like going to actually have a tangible effect, I think is way less so. But I'm saying that as a straight person, not LG TV as as as Thugger would say. Young Thug was like, "Yeah, like if you're gay, I don't trust you." And what were the two people, two types of people he brought up? Yeah. He said, "It's like snitches." Snitches and gay people. Snitches and gay people. I don't trust you. Yeah. And I don't even want to upset the LG TV. He said that. He was just like, "I'm sorry, but if you if you're gay, like I can't look at you the same anymore." But it's like, I mean, no offense. It was like a podcast. Young Thug went on a podcast. He's doing like this very bad podcast tour. He's on a a homophobia podcast store. He's trying to spread the word, man. It's not dead. It's like a It's just like It's like he's plugging his book at the end, but he's just like, "I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you." LGTV. So, he don't even have a book. No, it's just he just wants He's just trying to espouse the word. He has a book, man. It's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bible. And you're going to read it. You're going to read it like all of us are going to read it, man. I've read it, bro. Have you read the Bible? The first five uh books. Oh, really? You Genesis? Oh, the Old Testament. Oh my god. No wonder you're like that. I read the Torah. You read the Torah? Yeah. Why? It was thing we had to do in high school. It was a face. Oh, it was a face. He was He wanted to do his birthright. Yeah. Yeah. You still can, man. You still can. We'll send you. Now's the time, bro. No, I got it planned. I think it's Riad and then Jerusalem. I thought slime I thought Slime said it was phase like like it was part of your trial when Banks asked you about joining Banks like first thing you got to do bro first off check out this coin it's called MLGcoin second off bro is real bro second of all is real going there second off read the Bible dude there are stories in there I'm not you wouldn't think it from like the way the press covers that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] battdies baddy central big titties big nipples I'm talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] areas you wouldn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] believe, bro. Just don't look out the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] window. Low key. That shit's scary as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. You join a phase, you're going to be standing on the Tower of Bible and stacks, bro. Yeah, that's what I'm saying, bro. Stacks, bro. And big ass titty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. If all you out there, bro, listen to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love you. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you, heavy. You're going to go to the Patreon now. I just don't think I want to join. Thanks. You guys want to find out some secret rare cryptos we're going to be investing in? We just minted our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coin as the AR. It's got great KP. Got great KPI. KPI. Not the best dollar signpin. Caleb Pitscoin. God points. We'll see you in the Patreon where you can get in on this exciting investment opportunity. Goodbye. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have two guys. I can literally name three. We can't have two guys who have an obsession with China for no reason. No, I think it's good. I This is not good. I have an obsession with China. He don't know anything about it. Cuz watching them I know more about China than you. Not true. I'm the China guy. Please. You're in the China fight. [Laughter] I'm the China guy in the group now. So Aiden, what I want you to experience and feel