 Do you see my idea, Aiden? All right. So, it's a shirt of Jesus being crucified, but instead of Jesus, it's Aiden. [Music] [Applause] Oh, Lewig, you brought the new merch to the podcast. Yeah, I figured I would come in style. Why doesn't The yard make merch for its Christian fans? So, I got to work immediately and uh I just I wanted to make something that would resonate with our Christian audience. So, so if you want to buy stuff, it's live right now. It's the real link uh to buy our new merch collection. And if the Patreon hasn't eaten it all up, you can get like an awesome t-shirt. I'm going to point the graphics t-shirt, socks, jacket, another knit hoodie, uh pants. We made pants and apparently they're popular in the Patreon, so they might already be gone. The pants are popping. This was the merch if the Chinese tariff stayed and that's why we got them from Germany. But then they made me look like a fool. They got rid of the tiff. They don't look like a fool, but it was a buzzer beater. We marched to China and we made sure that the tariffs would not be a problem and should not affect the prices. So go ahead and buy the merch if you want. And if if you don't, here's the episode. Or buy leader hosen. Christ be with you. [Music] Dude, people were furious that you were eating yesterday or last week on the podcast. They were I know they were like I know that like it's that I don't deserve to be like criticizing you guys or something. It was like a very like pathetic likeing withering weak little man. Someone who hasn't eaten today maybe. But he was saying, "Can you please not eat on the podcast? Me when I'm hungry and watching a podcast. Stop eating. Stop eating." But people got really upset about it. I was wondering why. It's like when we have our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dogs out. They don't like our dogs out and they don't like our feet out. Man, I used to do that all the time. What happened? I look back at some episodes. They're unwatchable cuz you the dogs. The dog is just like It's like this. The dog. So when it says Well, no, cuz it would just be the dog. Sounds like your penis. No, it be the dog for the dog. Dog was out. My dog My dog would be out and just in Slime's frame and all you'd see is the foot. It be in front. It'd be in the foreground. Staring at your dog. And you think that makes it unwatchable? Don't you think that is more to do with your feet. What do what what do you mean by that? Like if we if I had a dainty nicel looking foot that's a good episode. I think I have a good foot like Yuri. So okay, but what you're saying is it's unwatchable. So what is it? Yeah. So why is it's unwatchable cuz you have to turn it off to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rub one out. I got a great beautiful awesome. Don't say you know the problem you say from street people has actually have actually jerked off to your feet which is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up thought. Yes. Several thousand. I don't actually don't think anyone has what I don't think anyone's jacked off. I think that's a challenge. Look at us jumping to the extremes. You say thousands and then you say zero. Why can't we just guess on Reddit and post your trib? Please don't. Please don't do that. Who tripped my foot? Who tripped? What does trib mean? Tribute. Come tribute. Oh god. There should be no shorthand for that. Well, you ever freaking trib over something? I say that to Hollis, man. is hip now. I know. Two is a burned [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] artist. Lwick, the 30-year-old and I'm telling you right now, I said this to Nick and he got a little hurt by it, I think. What did he say? I'm like two hollowos is just Porter Robinson. Yeah, he didn't say that. I don't think it hurt me. I think it was just like really stupid. I I just didn't really know. It's like when I say like the penis are the balls of the guy. Like it's just like a word sound that makes no sense. It's just a guy singing about how he's afraid with the same beat Porter would use in Minecraft firework and Porter would just use League of Legend. Yeah, he would just use League of Legend noise instead of firework. Wow, you really are seeing different generation of art. Thank you. Thank you. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am. That's crazy, man. They're the same, bro. He's one hollerless. Do you have any Do you have any uh artists you listen to, Lud, that don't sample video games? Uh, let's see. My big two right now is Two Hollis Border. That's crazy. They both like Those really are the big two right now. Look, if those were the only two artists I knew, like I was born I only got two. I might be like, "Wow, all music is similar." Yeah, but that's the only I need to tell you something about me, I guess. Yeah, I guess. Oh, yeah. You used to listen to exclusively marching music. I listen to Drizz. It's not marching music to Drizz. music. Well, hold up. The way Drizz changes it, it makes it a unique song. Do you see an art is context and what Drizz brings to you is the context. PSL Drizz Drizz just put uh two Hollis on.5 speed and then left the table. Okay. No, that that's federal bathroom break. It was two and he just played like four games of Halo. That's also what Vapor Wave was. It's just that one Diana Ross song slowed down, dude. That's what breakor is. What? What is that? Braayor is a genre of music spun from one drum sample or drum drum sample. Who what YouTube short did you watch that told you that? It was a short was a short about it. That's how you interpret the world now is through that's how I learn about we went and saw uh the friendship movie uh with Paul Rudd and Tim Robinson and Cam was there and we're all kind of talking about it afterward and Cam's like I hated it. Hated that movie. And I was like why? cuz it wasn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it turned over on its side and he's like, "Okay, come on." And uh it was just funny. I was like, "Man, there's just a generational uh gap here." Was it good? Was it a treat for you? I liked it. I think it had problems with it. Was pretty good. It was pretty funny. Go see it. Go watch movies with your friends. No, I've heard very polarizing reviews of it. Really? I've only heard I hate it. I've never heard I haven't heard anyone say I loved it, but I heard I hate it. And it's good. I think if you hate it, you hate Tim Robinson Sketches. Yeah, cuz it's just that but a lot. It's definitely a 90minute I think you should leave sketch. Dude, Aiden's girlfriend said she hated it and then I was like someone told me this. I was like, "Yeah, she hates dogs so I don't What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What are we doing?" Yeah. Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does she like? Yeah. We dissected it after on the car ride home. Oh, I'm sure. It was a riveting conversation. Yeah, we were we were going through. There were no babies in the movie. Wait, the movie or the dogs? The the movie. The dog cuz you should go through the dog thing. Yeah, you should have had that conversation a long time ago, but you don't feel like you need to because you also hate dogs. Well, yeah, then why would they need a conversation didn't always hate dogs and this is my theory. Oh, no. That's why women change who we are when we let women hold on. They change who we are. They make us worse. So, what should we do? Yeah. What do we do about them? We need to stop seeing women. Okay. Only see each other. And all the needs that we have, we get from each other that we Yeah. Yeah, the ones we'd satisfy. We satis I'll satisfy you. Satisfy each other. You'd satisfy satisfy you. I satisfy you most of all. I don't think you could satisfy him. Me? Oh, now it's you. First it's you. Now it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him. Well, I know you could satisfy me. I would squeeze your prostate like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stress ball. Yeah, cuz mine's the size of a stress ball. His is probably the size of a peanut. That young [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We haven't found his yet. No, it's like it's like his male clitoris. It doesn't exist. any peas out of it. Can I pee out of it? Yeah, women. Mine does a lot. I cover a lot of ground with mine. You can train it. Uh, but you kept bringing up Jury. You want to talk about it? You want to talk about Street Fighter? How you like Street Fighter now? I can't bring up Street Fighter. Jurg has awesome feet. Oh, yeah. Jurg's got great feet and that's all I want to talk about is her awesome feet. I don't care about the game. I used to play Jurgy and she spun her legs and her feet. I'm like, great looking feet. You used to play her. Hard character to play. You used to play Street Fighter. I heard that my girlfriend beat you in Street Fighter. I knew this was going to happen. Dude, she told me that she ran your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the setup. She said it like that. She said she said, "Yeah, I played Street Fighter. I beat Lwig." His girlfriend throws tea parties for her family. She said it like that. She said she said she beat my I ran him. She said she ran me. Yeah. And then she's like, "Then I lost to Cam, but I beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of love." Your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass girlfriend after beating me back. No. Well, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to say and then you're not going to want me to take it back. Cuz after beating me, she goes, "Did you let me win?" It's literally peach. And I literally And I literally thought, "Did I win?" Like, wow. This is probably the worst thing you could have asked me. Yeah. She's not a competitor. She hasn't gone to Well, she's gone to She's got no tournament respect. Let me learn. She doesn't do What do you teach in the house? Let me let you in on a little secret. I've played her in Street Fighter maybe maybe like seven times in sessions and maybe like 40 games. I think I've won one. Yeah, she's got insane Okism. I I have not beaten her in Street Fighter basically ever because it's a race of can I learn how to play Street Fighter faster than she can spam punch. Yeah. Yeah. And the answer is always no. I mean, credit to her. I was uh I was playing e-honda. is Street Fighter 2 Turbo and I'm and I'm trying to and I'm trying to mod on him. Yeah, but it turns out the buttons are different. Yeah, they changed the inputs for some of his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, all I can do is sumo headbutt and that is crushing Cam. Yeah, it's putting it's like he his head is spinning and uh and then I and then I get to and then I get to zipper two. She adapts and she does she does an empty hop grab and I'm trying to grab at the same time. I don't know the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] button. So, I lose that one. You know what's funny? They've been the same all for 30 years. That's not true. It's double click. A double click. Yeah, the the grab is a double click on heavy. It's always a double click. No. What is it? It's It's uh It's punch and kick. Yeah. Okay. That's not a double like a double double click. This the double click is when you click the same button twice. It's a double click. It comes from computers, guys. So you left click usually and you click it twice. I want to make fun of a party, but I don't know any action that the grab has always been the light. It's kicking the light punch. It's two buttons. Yeah. So that's different than a double click. You're saying it's two buttons, which I agree with cuz that's what I use. But it's not in Street Fighter 2 Turbo and the cab. It was a double click, which again is different than clicking two buttons. Okay. Cuz you're clicking the same button. That's where the double comes from. Of the heavy punch. You should call it a double it. It I don't believe you. You are a stone cold and I'm going to say it idiot. I don't believe you. If you think double press is somehow clicking is for mice. Okay. That's the ground you stand on. So you don't understand it. I'm saying you may be right but you're using wrong terminology. The goal posting is for clicking is for mice. Clicking is for mice and you two don't even know how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grab a Street Fighter 2 Turbo in the cab. I'm looking this up. You don't have to. I have the machine. You're telling me it's different on the cab. the Do you think I'm sitting there after playing Street Fighter 6 for like 30 hours in the past week that I'm not trying the regular grab? It doesn't work. Well, I've been in the streets fighting since I was six, so Oh, is that your command grab? No, I don't I didn't grab. No, it's not my command grab. Oh, so you didn't Let's get it straight. You're losing on the setup most of the time. I No, I lost on the setup. He's looking for this week. Yep. No, no. This week it's looking really good. It's looking really good. Oh, it's forward or back near the enemy and then fierce punch. It's not a double click. Okay. Do you want to know who taught me the double click? Who? Zipper two. Yeah. Yeah. She just She doesn't know how to press a button once. I don't know how to grab. So, I'm doing the regular grab. And I go, "How do you grab?" And she goes, "Oh, you double click." That's That is so funny. You know what's happening? She's holding forward and spamming the button. Yeah. Genius. And you know, she's like, "Well, it must be two." Yeah, I guess it's two. And I'm doing what you're supposed to do in Street Fighter 6, but it don't work. Yeah, the systems changed a little bit. Enough. Enough that I lose. Yeah, dude. Lwig suned me for like seven games in a row cuz he was just doing the Honda. Seven. Yeah, it was seven game win streak. I was counting cuz it hurt so bad. I promise it was. How much do you think it was? It's a lifetime. You might still be winning. I might still be out there. The setup might be moving on its own. The E Honda got a lot better. Yeah. And then I started taking a couple games back and then he's like, "All right, I got to go. I got to stream." When was this? Best at uh just downstairs the other day. Downstairs. Yeah. And then he said, "Best of three." Okay. Who comes up? You let him win the the road game. Slime's a simple man. You can beat him 100 times in a row. He wins a best of three and he walks out like his dick is 40 in long. I didn't walk out like that. I'm doing that now. But I at the time I was very honorable. It's different. It's different when it's the best of three because I beat I beat I dare I say I sit on the setup with SF Danny for hours and we play we play for hours. I'm making Danny stink. He's losing so bad. Oh, you're making him stink. I'm destroying Danny. And then we sit down at the tournament setup and who wins the set? It's Danny. 3-1 3-2. Next week it's 3 0. It's that all the time. I've won hundreds of games in a row versus SF Danny on the friendly setup. But I have to hold I have to hold the tournament record. And so, you know, he runs this gambit of like we got to just best of three. I got to go. Mhm. And you know, 30 at a handshake. Mhm. And I think that's beautiful. Many of us think that's beautiful. Log starts crying. He's like, I'm not a real You're crying, Brian. But for like two guys that just started playing a week ago. No one says it to him. He just says it on his own. It's just a white experience. What? What do you let them shake you? You look like you're about to say something. I'm not shooking. You're going to queue You're going to queue up this Thursday and you're going to go two and two and you're and it's going to go I'm going way more than two and two. You're dumb as hell, man. I believe in you. Your cheese is powerful. I It's I have a strong cheesy eh Honda that's going to make people want to kill themselves. My goal is for, you know, Kaye, Jake and Bake, and and and maybe even Double Lift to want to kill themselves after I'm done with them. Maybe even Double Lift is ambitious IRL. I want to ruin the event for the sponsors. What's the competition today? Uh, it would be Well, I Dude, I have this insane idea. You heard it earlier. I had this insane awesome idea because he's trying to think of a sponsorship video and I threw out the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] A+. It was a great idea and I feel like you shot it down. Compelling. It would draw a lot of attention if you announced it. Is that what you felt like? You think I shot it down? I feel like you kind of shot it down. His idea was race wars. Is it Is the thing you're doing not a race? Yeah, it is a race between teams. A race is a war of a battle. I mean, his thing was basically like hopping into a YouTube chart and being like, "Top three favorite races." Number one, the Kentucky Derby. Number two, which race is the most superior. Instantly, everyone wants to hear what Lewig has to say about this. You get a lot of attention if you leave the This is going to be the same as what I just said. Yeah, but I obviously the punch line is the same, but it turns into, you know, something that makes something that makes you money. Yeah. Right. Which one? I like I like Dune Racing. The Love Skull Shape Invitational brought to you by Beep. Okay. It's just biology off. What? What? What is skull shape? It's like this ancient idea. not ancient, but it's like the idea of like racist people would be studying the skull shapes of like black people and like see, well, clearly like the brain isn't, you know, big enough to be inside this skull or something. So, like using the skull shape as a way to justify some racism because it's different. And that's crazy cuz they just they just weren't they just were they just made it all up. But was is that their conclusion? And they take the or they just Oh, no. Sorry. They they they stood on it. Yeah, they stood on their phone. Okay. Which was Yeah, it's like taking the calipers and like being like a couple centimeters off here. You must be actually black or something like that. Okay. Okay, I get it. And uh Yeah, I mean you face the same sort of physical discrimination because of your chest hole. Mhm. Yeah. Put the calipers into my chest hole to be like it's a 3-in cavity. This guy's Whoops. Oopsie. He basically has a built-in div.a cup. Doctor Doctor does that all the time. Oh, literally it could stop mountains of comb. I'm gross today, man. I'm gross. You're nasty today. This is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can't talk about my own disability. What did you say earlier? Disability. Yeah, it's a disability. You were talking about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] beating. What were you talking about? Yeah, trib. Trib, dude. What was I can't trip to jury's feet. Oh, you can trip to whatever you want in this great [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] country, but I don't want to hear about I don't want to see it. I had a thought last night. I was like, "Yo, what if I become PG like Nate Burggotsi or Nick A30 or Well, not like Nick A30. He should. Wait, sorry. Why not? Because who's Cuz Nate Burggatsi still likes making jokes and being funny. Nick A30 is rated G. Who's Burgati? He's the comedian. He's the comedian. Burgatsi. Is that the Italian comedian? Of dessert. I don't know who this is. I don't know who. None of you guys know this guy. He's the biggest comedian in the world right now. And this is a comedy podcast. That was Theo Vaughn. No. No. No. Wait. Can you look up this guy's Can you look up what this guy looks like? Is this the guy my mom likes? Yeah. Your mom probably love this guy. Nate Burggatsi. Italian. It's an Italian name. Botti. It's probably two Z's or lime. It might be three. There might be a third Z. Look up Nate Batsi. That's the guy. This guy. Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this guy? This is the number one comedian in the world. My uh my mom was like, "Do you know about Nate Bgotsi?" And I'm like, "No, I've never heard that." And she's like, "You're the funniest man alive, I think." Really? And I was like, "Oh, okay. Well, you know, my mom likes our show." So, it hurt me immediately. But, but what he's doing somehow is capturing beautiful women. So, that's something we need to He his main audience is beautiful, breathtaking, gorgeous older women. Some some of which there's a cross. I can't even believe you just thought I was talking. I was just saying that's his audience. A ven diagram. Genuinely his audience. He talks. I had to listen to an interview. He talked to You're going to let him pipe up. It's a ven diagram. It just seems to be diagram of beautiful women that he seems to serve. Like Mrs. McKay's not wearing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nate Bati t-shirt right now. 0% chance. She She might have tickets. She might be at the show right now. Box seats. She might be a groupy. She would. So what you're saying is Vapor Gatsi's demographic doesn't apply to your mother. What were your mother's beat? Oh, we're off me. Thank god. Is your mother beat? That's him. That's him when he used to be. Yeah, I guess now that's him when he was 14. That's what the years do. He used to be a lesbian. Yeah. So you this guy or Nick A30? Th this guy. Okay, that's cool. Yeah, for sure. Why would you want to be PG to make more money? No, because I make a lot. Yeah, I make a an insane amount. It's actually because I streamed Street Fighter with Squeaks and I had such a crass outbreak for so long. Yeah, it was insane. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you were saying was crazy. Oh yeah, I think we could hear that from the other room. I don't really remember. I blacked out. It was the most insane. If the FGC gets a hold of what you said, I think I don't think you're allowed to go to EVO anymore. What's one thing I said, dude? You were saying like everyone who plays this game is over 40 and that's why your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game is dying and no one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I hope everyone on Capcom gets [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fired and ends up homeless. No, I did not say that. I did not say that, dude. Yeah, you did. I did not say that. Wait, this is because people are playing modern. No. Yeah, because what I said is the first part's true. I did say the over 40 thing, but then I did You also said that about Capcom. I did not say I hope they get fired. I said I hope they all die. That is so much worse. Why? I'm just No, it's not really. No, it's not. I said, "I hope every dev on Capcom dies regardless of the game." That I feel like that's a fine thing to say. And then in my defense, Squeak said, "What about Monster Hunter?" And I said, "I like that game. They can live." No, you didn't. You said you didn't like Monster Hunter. You said, "Fuck Monster Hunter." I said, "I like that game." I don't know, man. The VODs up shouldn't be. And you can just go back and look at it's it's this like 20 game crash out. So, if this is all fine that you're what you're saying, why do you want to switch to being PG? Well, or G, you know, I it's fine. Yeah, but it's not ideal. It's not ideal. It's not ideal. And I'm wishing death upon too many people. And I think that's bad. I think that comes back to you. What's the tipping point? Cuz you've done it for so long. So why now? I think it's when I started attacking Japanese people. What? Cuz for so long I was just attacking people I know, but now I'm attacking just 500 devs. Japan. I got an idea. What if on stream after you lose like three games, you call Capcom like they're a therapy hotline and whoever you talk to, you just you just vent to. Do they have numbers anymore? I'm sure there's some No, it's probably a series of machines, but you could have it on hold while you're playing against squeaks. Like Capcom customer support and then then it's like, oh, sorry, they answered. It's like, hey, I just wanted to talk to someone about, you know, what I'm going through. Dude, 8,000 people watching him would just also do that. That'd be disastrous. This used to be a thing like video game hotline. Like companies would have it where you could call if you got stuck in a level or something. Old Nintendo, like Zelda and stuff. There was like a picture of Mario holding a phone in the corner of the instruction booklet and it'd be like call to get tips. God, if that was around when live streaming was a thing, it'd be so awesome. Yeah. Prank calls are just not what they were anymore. No. Dude, do you guys remember Crank anchors? I think I brought this up in the show. It was it was a show on Comedy Central where comedians would make prank calls and they would record them and then they would act out the prank call with puppets. It was very interesting. But the the recording was on the other line. So yeah. Yeah. Of course Zipper remembers. And yeah, there was that one guy wearing a helmet and he was uh for lack of a better word beep. Oh my gosh. and and so he would just call and like say, you know, four words, but uh on the other line it's like it sounds like someone's on the phone. I looked across from me during PSL and it's exactly what Nick Engling looked like. I'm off three gummies dropping 30 kills a game. I'm just dropping bombs, dude. He was an insane man. What happened at PSL? Was it a rave success? It was electric. It was kind of electric. We had we had we played Halo 3 first and we had legendary Halo 3 pro Walshi show up and he was playing inverted controls and ruining everyone's lives. There was one point in the game where we were playing a 4v4 and our team with Walshi is losing for like kind of the first time in the night and Walshie goes, "Hey, if you guys stay in spawn, I can go win the game." He's in a 1v4 and so we're like, "Okay." So we all stay in the spawn cuz he got snipe so he had a power weapon. He's like, "Yeah, they don't have snipe. So if you guys stay in the back, we'll just win." He goes out, he gets seven alone. Who wins? Wow. You guys were just playing patty cake. We was in the back like, "Yay!" I stood in a corner just hoping nobody would find me for for 45 full seconds as I heard Walshie's calms come over my ears. He's just like, "Got one." We have some players who are good at Halo. Like, we're not all bad at Halo. We're we're bad compared to him, but we're like, we have some like competitive players at Halo. Alex is very good at Halo. Dude, I love the idea like it on the boat back to the United States. Aiden as the soldier gets a medal. Yeah, cuz he was in the platoon. He was. I was. He would get a medal. And he gets this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] medal on his lapel and it's like, "Yeah, you're a war hero." And he's like, "Yeah." He comes off in swim trunks and sunglasses. And I'll tell back back from Iraq. I'll tell stories about it for the rest of my life, too, dude. About how we did it together. The dude the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] picture of Aiden with zero kills and then Walshie Walshie screenshotting it or posting screen and Kobe can come out for 80. I had my first zero kill game ever. That was so How old is Walshie? 40 something. No, chill. No. On God. 50ome. Chill. He's like 38 or 39. Dude, I think he's No, I think he's legit 40. But it was it was a picture of Aiden uh dropping absolute zero like Kelvin 0 degrees Kelvin. He's 40 on the dot. And then uh so yeah, Nick said Dave is going to sign me to Red Bull as the first vibe coder. And then and then Walshi responds with his own screenshot he took, meaning he took this picture and he said Aiden was also vibe coding in binary cuz all I saw were ones and zeros. Jesus [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What communication network is this happening on PSL Discord? This is the PSL Discord. In front of the HUD, he did do that in front of the HUD, too. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. But Walshie met his match cuz uh cuz I showed up late cuz I was I was grinding Street Fighter and then I sit down on the setup, right, with with Walshie on my team and Zipper 2 on my team. Oh my god. He's really the Shaq and Kobe of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. What a blunt rotation. Yeah, the Zack and the Zack and Cody life of Zack Zack and Cody of basketball. I'm getting no kills on our team. The sweet life of Sha and Kobe. How have we not been there yet? That's happened before. Okay. Yeah. Uh yeah. So, it was uh it was us, Walshy, and Nick. And you might hear of all of Walsh's heroics, but they were down. We were down, I should say. I was playing an unbelievable game. We were down, I think, maybe 17 kills Halo. Yeah. And like a first to 50. Uh and then it gets to like within three. It's like 47 to 44. It was 40. It was We lost 48 to 50. We made a huge comeback. That's just me and Zipper 2 finding ways to die. The next They won the game by by [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing a search mission for Zipper 2. Just hunting baby rabbits. By the way, after this game, I see Nick pull Zipper 2 to the side and he's like, "Okay, so you have to shoot them and then their shield's going to break and then you can shoot them in the head and they'll die." Halo. He's going through the By the way, we've already switched a COD at this point. We've already switched a COD. No. No. Oh my god. This is after we switch. It's true. That was the last game. How dare you? I'm just saying I saw this. How dare you? Treat her like any other gamer. She She got up and she's like, I don't get it. And I'm like, yeah, Halo's different. Cuz she didn't realize that you have to like hit people more than one time cuz she's used to playing COD. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, this one's a little different. She taught me how to grab mostly. You taught her how you have to double click. You have to double click. Yeah, you have to double click. You got to double hit them in Halo. It's necessary. It's miraculous that she didn't even know what she was trying to do and she won. Look, that empty hop was legendary. That's the Lwig famously. I still call that out when I'm watching melee tournaments on stream and a Fox will just full hop, empty land, up smash. That's the love hog up smash. That's love. Yeah. Yeah, I did innovate back in my day. But you're uh I I would love to keep playing Street Fighter with you cuz it's so even. We just we just figure out one simple trick that doctors hate against each other like you were explaining, but it's just like me and Lwig instead of me and your girlfriend and then we just like seem to win. It's very fun. I actually coming downstairs in the morning in the old old house and in the morning you guys would just be playing Melee against each other. It would be Lwig's Fox versus Anony's Marth. Yeah. The classic. And that was that was as close as it got. That was the That was the real battle in my household. Yeah. It's cuz Well, it's cuz the puff made him mad mad. Yeah. And then, you know, years would years would pass. I'd beat Blur. And then he sat down for an hour and didn't take a game and then it flipped. And then it flipped. It was crazy. Uh but just so you know, it wouldn't happen like that in Street Fighter again. I don't know, bro. Remember last episode I was like, "Yeah, play me 10K 10k 10 10k any stakes." Now it's different. Play play me any stakes heads up. I wouldn't do it cuz it would just be unfair. I think we should. You know why? Cuz I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. I after after losing to him after losing him, I went and watched like four ehonda videos. Oh my god. You're studying my matchup. This is just This is just like when you beat him at the house tournament and he went upstairs to go study Johnny's puff guide in in Puff Falcon. I don't even think it was Johnny's. It was But it was a Smashboards puff guide. Yeah. Embarrassingly, uh, the night before PSL, cuz I knew Walshi was coming, I was like, I got I got to brush up a little bit on Halo because I don't remember like how anything works. And I was just like, how to play MLG Halo 3. First video comes up is from Walshy. And I'm just like, I'm not I'm not even going to watch it. What am I doing? He's going to be like, ah, that's page four of my guide book, dude. Dude, it was actually funny because so he, you know, I asked him when he went pro and he was like around 17 years old and so he was in high school. Uh, so he know he hasn't he started playing pro Halo like over 20 years ago and we were when we were playing the game uh I' I'd be like hey what's this call out and he'd be like I don't remember and I'm like that's crazy that he can still play at the level he's playing at and he doesn't even remember the call outs is a call out like but that doesn't change how he plays right. No but I'm saying like what pro would you know that like on like cash doesn't know what things are called? Yeah. You know, pros kind of just know that stuff, but it's been so long that you naturally you're just going to forget all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You ran out of hard drives. You replaced it with awesome Red Bull of marketing information. Dude, I bet he's done some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in Dubai. What you mean by that? What you mean by that? Well, need I explain? Yes. Yeah, that's what I'm asking for is the explanation. Red Bull. You go to Red Bull, they sponsor things like a sports World Cup. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Zipper, can you check if they're sponsors before I continue? I don't think they're sponsors. I think they're just participants. Participants? Participants? What do you mean? Well, there's Red Bull athletes are who participate in the esports World Cup. And there's Red Bull there. They they might have the beverage. They might have the beverage. The beverage. It's not alcoholic. When they build a big stadium and built by a bunch of people who happen to built by Red Bull, built by Well, in a way, it's what fuels them. You know, in a in a way, it's what fuels them because it's it's it's a bunch of people who may have misplaced their passports. They don't know where the passports have gone. How do they get through the workday? You got like everyone says this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know, Riad doesn't even enforce their death penalty for being homosexual. Oh, okay. It's not even enforced. It's not It's just like a It's just like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] old like student loans. I'm glad you said it. I'm glad you spoke up for Saudi Arabia. Thank you. But we're talking about the UAE. It's just a different country. It's a different place. It's a different country. Is it close? So, and are homosexuals stoned there? I'm sure they all got the same rules they play by. It's probably It's probably It's all on the big peninsula. Yo, call me Call me the UAE cuz I'm getting homosexuals stoned. I sell drugs. Okay. UAE, what is their ego streak? I was next to Walshie and I kept saying, "Uh, Red Bull's great. I had seven." And then he'd kind of go like, "Is it safe?" Uh, well, isn't it safe to drink a lot of them because they're so good? Here's the thing. Yeah. Relative to Panera coffee. Oh, lemonade. Panera is a Yeah, lemonade shot. That was a killer. That was so It was so funny that often came up when we worked at BTS and we had uh Red Bull sponsors or or Monster. Any energy drink hates this, but but the natural thing talent wanted to do was chug energy drinks. It was just something they just wanted like to do to show how much they liked it. And every time we'd have be like, "Do not do that. They don't like that." There's something about like it being free. Yeah. Like energy drinks. I feel like most energy drinks are given away for free. Well, they got those damn girls with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ghostbusters pack on the back. Uhhuh. Why is it boys? It is boys. It's boys, too. It is. It is boys. It used to be, I think, probably just hot girls and then they were like, "Wait, hold up. UDub University campus. It was never a couple of hot. And that's funny. Not at UDub cuz you expect that at ASU. Yeah, ASU you get a boy in the Ghostbusters Red Bull pack. He might be getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he might be getting jumped. I only know it's dudes cuz I watch a Casey Neistat vlog and he's got stopped by a Red Bull car and a dude came out and I and I went like a regular person came out of a clown car. You know Casey Neistat? Casey Neistat bit of a conspiracy theory guy. Uh he's he's an innovator. He's a thinker. He marches by the beat of his own drum. Is that a problem to you? Is he starting to blog about UAPs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the water? He's just saying that we should look to the skies cuz what's up there? Casey Nice after painting his dumbass glasses. I should hang out with Sneo. That's a good another good idea I just had. Wait, did that happen? Yeah, bro. I don't know. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What's wrong with that? Yeah, right. That boy's a thinker, too. Yeah, they're all thinkers. It's a lot of thinking. And we hate thinking. Well, they cover a lot of ground with all their thoughts. You only like to hang out with shepherds. I want a Casey Neistat I want a Casey Neistat vlog of Aiden except he doesn't know he's being filmed. So it's just like him like walking down the street to his coffee shop and like him working with the same big text cuts. Yeah. All everything's exactly the same. You just cuz you'll talk a lot. You talk to yourself quite a bit. Yeah. I mumble. Do you really? Yeah. Oh, dude. Oh my god. I was at Aiden's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] house last night and it was game night, you know. Thanks for coming. Game night. Game night. I went to a movie where I was game night. You clocked out a game night. You know where I was. I know where you were. It was day one of Disney week. Oh my god. The war has begun. That's why we're here at 7 a.m. It's 11. And uh Aiden hit me up, you know, a few months ago. Him and his girlfriend are looking to buy a new espresso machine. They wanted some advice. And I was like and I was and I was like, "Dude, you guys are 40. That's a crazy conversation." Yeah, we're we're old. To be fair, he's had an espresso machine since I've known him when he was like 20. Yes, he was baby with espresso machine. Born with the espresso machine. Crazy how young he was to have that espresso. And he would always talk about how much it costs like a used car, so be careful with it. Which is fair. And nobody was. Nobody was. The more embarrassing part of it is I put it on a credit card cuz I didn't have any money. Really? Yeah. So, I had paid it off. You're paying interest on an espresso machine. I paid it over like 3 years. Dude, that's crazy. Yeah. It was very stupid. I still have it though. Pog. There we go. Pog. Um, anyway, so they get an espresso machine. You know, it's it's not even half as cool as mine if we're asking. He made a good suggestion though. But made a good suggestion. They got a great great machine. So you're like, "Yeah, you should get the one that kind of like sucks." So mine is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] badass. And we're we're there. I'm I'm at his house and and uh Aiden's like, "Oh, before you leave, I need you to fix the espresso machine." And his girlfriend starts tearing up. What? Did she think about a dog? She starts to worse. She thought about an espresso machine. She starts tearing up and she's like, "I just spent so long trying to fix it and I got so mad." And she's like, "Stop. I'm going to cry. I'm going to cry. I'm serious." And I was just like, "Oh my god, this is really like it's the most frustrating I think I've seen her about anything." She said she told me she started throwing things. She started like like getting so mad because it just wouldn't pull shots of espresso and she couldn't figure out why. Yeah, dude. And she's reading she's getting on Reddit. She's reading comments, trying to take people's advice of like what to do, diagnose the problems. She spend she invested at least five hours into trying to get a good pull out of this. How do we get OG in there? I instantly identify that that sounds more fun than code names. So, I stand up in the middle of the game and I I walk over to the expression machine and I I do the the guy looking at the main frame stance. I make Aiden laugh a little bit. I do that and then I go watch Papa work. I I'm doing I'm doing all the old I'm like taking the I'm like rubbing it to see if it's small enough because it's supposed to be in your in your fingerprint if the espresso is fine enough. I was like, "Okay, it's good. Good grind. Good grind." I pull the perfect shot of espresso. I just pull f I just first try the perfect the f the perfect shot in this machine that apparently has never worked. You still have your fastball. Oh, I still got it. I And I'm like, "Can I try the latte art?" Boom. Perfect latte art. I go over I'm like, "Your machine's always been fine. said the swastika on the top of a mocha. Yeah. And that really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ruined game night the table. Why' you make this? Yeah. And then it was no longer about the machine. Yeah. We all And then we all got in a big fight in game night without Nick's racism. Uh and that made her pretty mad that you in the problem for me. Aiming is so easy. Yeah. What was the problem? Uh she didn't know how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it, bro. She doesn't know how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] She didn't know how to do it. What's up? She did it. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is up. She I can't even defend her. So like like what's like a like a compar like literally nothing was wrong. No. I mean she's like how does the water machine work? You got to dial some You got to dial the grind a little bit but I didn't move it more than like a millimeter. And the puck the puck she kept saying needs to be dry. But the puck the puck puck was a little wet. That's fine. Sometimes the puck's wet. I think you can't have soggy puck. I thought n you can have a wet puck. I usually when I make it my puck is wet. My My puck is sop. You don't soop up the puck. My puck had good crema on it. This crema on the top. My puck got no cream. My pug is sopping. Help me. I love using that machine cuz you could see it come out. Yeah. It's a golden amber. What you see come out of Asos like a vending machine. Machine is like when you you interact with the machine and then it outputs something. I like it. Yeah, I like it also cuz it's pressing it could take energy or money or my physical interaction with it and then object or energy out dude it is so bad at code names bro is he a moonshot or is he a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I will say he no no he's not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's he's just a confusing word user I set them up for success he said borrow seven we did have one no we had one round where he ripped a seven and we got six of them. But but the rest of the rounds we had we Dude, it was two to two and the ball gets passed to us. Literally the freest win in any code names game. It is free. And what were the two words? There's no way you blow this. The bo the the words that we have left are deck and bolt. And if No, no. What would you say? Deck and Bolt. Uh I was immediately gonna say like Home Depot, Lowe's, too. How can you use names of things? Aiden said freighter. Freighter. Aiden said freighter. Oh my god, dude. Go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your boats and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Is it inant relevant? It's a what the other words are. Frighter and we lose. Yeah, it was unbelievable. It's not unbelievable. It is unbelievable. They're the only two words that could be tied to freighter. The word cap was also out there and I was like I don't know like cap like a sea captain's cap. Yeah, it's exactly what we said. Like maybe captain. Maybe that's why he avoided boat. Yeah, cuz he saw captain fearful. So you used a different boat. But yeah, Freighers just got to make me think about I would have gone with porch. But if we go boat is still we had things like we had things like gloves on the board. We had a couple other items and I feel like I need to I need to thread the needle to make sure we land this because they only got one word left. Was build. That's what I was gonna say was build. Aiden, you're an overcooker. That's always what you've been. Build a deck. Build the bolts. Build a deck. You overcook. Yeah, you overcook. I We He doesn't talk about the round of a lifetime before. He grazed. It was a great round. Aiden, that's who you are. It's like you'll have 10 stinker rounds. You'll have the one sixar. Aiden had like multiple rounds of threes where we got only one or zero and then he goes seven and then we get them all and I'm like look we did a lot of that heavy lifting. That was what it's for though. I've built I've built a little but it wasn't it wasn't a pure seven that I mean it and it never could be. I've left Christ. Bro, watch me whip and also watch me na na. No my team my team was on amateur hour with Who's your team? Who's your team? I've got auto. We have auto one of the most genius minds we have. That is one of the most genius minds we have. None of them know the code name strat where if you instantly bank a white tile on your first clue or within like the first couple clues, right? You just add on to your number in the next round so they can finish the job. But everybody is like, well, what what was his second tip for three? It must have to do. No, I'm saying three so you can guess the previous round. It's not too low of a number to feel that way. I feel like Yeah, maybe not. But you should know. I'm giving the buffer. It's like trying to think. You know, a real code head knows that the first two are probably to do with the word. But the real code head knows that you close on the previous round. I made some sort of joke about about code names. And Aiden's girlfriend was like I said something about how like code names is like, you know, how you look at life. And I was I was saying me and my girlfriend look at life so differently. We'd be bad teammates. And she was like, she laughed at me. She's like, code names is not anything about how you look at life. And me and Otto look at each other and we start scoff laughing. Otto was like I was like I mean it obviously is obviously it's it's just she hates dogs. I don't know what to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say movie. She hates dogs. She doesn't like the genius had my back and I was like got me. Let's go. Look, when we were in Canada in Vancouver, all I wanted to do was show Aiden South Park. You've never seen it? Aiden's never seen South Park and I thought this would be so easy because you know in America I have my awesome account for Hulu. Vancouver doesn't have Hulu. It turns out so I They've just made up their own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They have Crave. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that? Crave is weird. So, you know what I had to do? German Lwig. Yes. I I had to VPN to get to get my American awesome subscription to work. And you know how I did that? ExpressVPN. Duh. If you want to watch content that is from other countries or different content libraries, you can use a VPN. And one VPN you could use is ExpressVPN. VPN. VPN is Guten. It also protects you from uh people trying to get information. Connecting to unencrypted networks is really bad and you do that if you travel a lot. So using ExpressVPN can help you there. And we also protected ourselves against boredom in Vancouver. So that's also very important. Aiden didn't know that Kenny died. It was crazy. He's literally never heard it. Yeah. He saw Kenny died at the end of the episode. He's like, "What?" Yeah. Uh, it would it would it would take a hacker with a supercomput over a billion years to one get Aiden to understand any reference from like any funny cartoon of the past, but two also to get past ExpressVPN's encryption. It's true. Yeah, I guess that's the VPN hide the porn. Yes, Sherman Lug. It does hide scat porn. Well, or grants you access to more of it that you wouldn't otherwise find. And also awesome anime. Dicey. Anyway, secure your online data today by visiting expressvpn.com/theyard. That's expvpn.com/theyard. Find out how you can get four up to four extra months free. ExpressVPN.com/yard. Now, German Lwig, take us out of this ad read and put us back in the episode. Otherwise, she's fine. But get a dog near her. She starts even she'll eat it. She'll roast it on spit and she'll eat it. She'll take out her damn 12 feet. Would you eat dog? Uh, oh my god. I don't know. He said yes. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You eat dog. What? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eat human, so I don't think it'd be weird. You would eat human. No, you eat homie. I don't think I'd do that. I tried it once. You'd eat homie. You wouldn't eat human. No, I would eat him. I wouldn't be like, "Oh, my like my neighbor went psycho and roasted his cocker spananiel. Have a bite." I wouldn't do that. You're at a You're at a like I'm going to put you in. You're at a restaurant, right? You're in France and they say, "We only serve dog here." Look, I can literally I went to uh a night market in Beijing when I was a kid and they had they were selling cat. You could eat cat at the night market and we were trying a bunch of different food. Ganga like me. And they have stuff like you know they they have like uh you know snakes and crickets and spider like all these different like crazy things you can eat at the night market, right? the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what is it? So you spiders and cats. Yeah. And and then they had cat and I was I think it's interesting in that context to eat something and try something that moment. Did you? Uh I I was going to eat the cat and my mom wouldn't let me. That's where she drew the line. Someone quote that. My mom wouldn't let me eat the cat. That's when your mom realized you were a serial killer. Antibisexual. Yeah. I think I think cultural like like I don't know if it's something being made available to you that like hey this is something that like people eat here uh do you want to give it a try? Absolutely. I would do that. Dude, I want to eat some mosquito. Like if we get like a bunch of mosquito and make it into like a rice krispy puck. Bro, that's probably how they do it. I want I want revenge. They they probably get a bunch or they'd they'd fry and pay with oil. You can get revenge by just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] killing you. They're hard to kill, bro. Mosquitoes are hard. They're tiny. Real mosquitoes tiny, bro. What do you mean real mosquitoes? You know how sometimes you see those like bigger bugs that look like mosquitoes and everyone thinks they're mosquitoes but really they're not mosquitoes. I'm saying mosquito ass mosquitoes. Regular ass mosquitoes are pretty easy to kill. I want regular ass mosquitoes with little fried malaria inside. Dude, we have mosquitoes in this office for like months at one point. Yeah. Yeah. Yingling had to get the candle. You You would eat human. The candle that you're not supposed to light inside, by the way. Yeah. He didn't read. Can't read. Uh yeah, I'd eat. Ew. What is this? That's mosquito. Mosquito. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] disgusting. Yeah, it's mosquito patty. I don't like it. It's high in protein. Mosquito burgers. Yeah, mosquito burger. Look at it. It's so much mosquito. That lowkey looks good. It's so mosquito. It looks like a burger that's just been cooked too long. God, I uh Yeah, I've always said I would try a human once. How are you buckling at the mosquito burger, but you're sitting there going like, "Yeah, I'll eat John." That was some mayo is not that bad. Get some mayo. Some ketchup. That in a blunt. That in a blunt. Nasty g. That's not bad, man. No, I would try it once. So, I wouldn't like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go seek it out, but I think it's an interesting thing and that human would have to have died of awesome natural causes. I think it's the only thing I wouldn't eat really. I think that's the only Why? I'll be with Aiden eating that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cat. What? But why not human? Why not human out of respect? Yeah, I respect the human. What if they said, "I want Lwig to eat me." There's probably some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freak out there who thinks that. And he jumps off your feet and he wants you to eat him. And I would say I don't I'm not I'm not giving him that. Before he passed away of natural causes, he's written a handwritten letter that says, "Aiden, you may try me. You may try me if you would like to try me." I think I just I don't want to. I know, boy. It just boils down to that. It's just such a unique thing. It is. I agree. I would I would have a little And I'm all for trying things. Okay. So, is it is it because you have the written express consent? Of course. So, if a guy comes up and he says, "I want you to blow me." Well, I don't want to blow him. I want to keep trying. You'd rather eat him than blow him. I'm more interested in eating a piece of human meat than sucking a penis till completion. That's interesting, isn't it? Me, it's a no for both. I'm closer to blowing the guy than eating the guy. God, we didn't even say the completion. I'd rather eat him than blow him, I think, too. No, I'd rather blow him than eat them for sure. Really? Yeah, but I would ra my dead ass don't believe you. I would definitely rather blow him. A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gram of human needles. But if you're going to be if you're going to say gram, then it's like a lick of a wiener. Like you can't you're being like you're being like a gram of human meat or you suck him with completion to I am I then you know what I still am more interested in eating a gram of human consented meat than licking a penis. You'd rather eat the dead man while he's dead. And that's the And that's the problem, isn't it? Explain the problem. Is that's the problem. Internalized homophobia. Homophobia now. Because you would rather you would rather get joy from a dead man than give joy to. What if he hated what if he hates it? That he hates the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's a lick of a penis. He asked for it. Yeah, but he's like didn't want it. He's like he had to It's like really in the spirit of the question. What if What if he wrote, "I want your email." We didn't write a second letter that said, "I don't believe me." Like what do we do? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] address book. I'll go look by hand, but I'm sure we can find a man who's happy to have you lick his penis once. Okay. So, I get what you're saying, but I think we just have different values to say. You kind of gravitate toward the penis with your mouth. I It's not That's not the value system. That's the value system. No, it's not a binary value system. It's like a little magnet. No, I'm saying I'm a no to both. But uh you can't be a no to both. Yes, you can. No, you can't. Yes, you can. No, you can't. I'm a yes to one. That makes me better. We're all yeses to one. I'm a no and you're a yes to eating and we're both a yes to like 3 ounces of Markiplier sty. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't make Don't name a person. No. Why not? Yummy. Don't name a person. You know he works out. I'll eat man, but only if it's when we're going to have to do How would that help? That'd be worse. I can't pick the man. No, you can't pick. I can't pick the man. Well, the the country. It'd be a market selection of a man. Yeah. And I'm I would be at the top of the food chain. I would have money and I would pick the man. It's like picking a lobster out of a tank. Yeah. A Markiplier swim around and I'd be like, I want that one. This universities agreed and write a letter. Of course, someone's probably one of my he's more willing to eat unethical meat. One of my assistants told me we readical. I I want to do my due diligence before I try this human taco meat. All right, here's a question. Please, let's see. Would you rather be blown by a man or eat somebody or have or Oh, I see. So, I still pleasure from a dead man or pleasure as a headman. Okay. Yes. It's not be eaten by a man. It's be blown by a man or still have some human to eat. Uh well again I want to try human meat one time more than you want. You would do great in Riad. You should I want head from a man. You should you should be a commentator for the esports World Cup cuz the home cuz the home is so blatant. I It wouldn't be enjoyable. He's storming the pitch. He's getting ahead. He's coming. I said go. You uh you you I thought about this. I don't want to stick a finger in my ass. We know you've thought about this. I put a damn finger in my butt. So, I think I sit sometimes and I'm bored. I'm like, what if I got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from a man? You I think I said this last time. You act like a monkey. Yeah. Yeah. Like you just do. You put your finger in your butt when you're bored. You lay on the ground. This is actually Sometimes chimpanzees eat other chimpanzeee. Yeah. I think a chimpanzeee would probably follow your line of logic. But chimpanzees are famously a chimpanzeee would love a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from another chimpanzeee. Oh my god. That'd be Christmas. Yeah. They'd be like, "What? We can do this? Oh my god. They're down for both. I don't think so cuz I feel like they would have found it by now and they'd all be blowing each other. They do that, don't they? They do do that. They have to be crazy themselves. But they're not doing it like they they've done it, but I don't think they're doing it in such excess. So, they clearly can't love them. I think you Nature documentary told me different. Dude, Greg put a penis in his banana hole earlier. No way. No way. You want some of my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude? There were You know what's crazy to think about? Somewhere in the timeline of human evolutionary history was the first [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh my god. Somewhere in like was probably going crazy, dude. That's early on. That's so probably like a really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up reason. I mean, it Yeah, it was probably not whoever was giving the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what I'm saying? Someone took the first [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It was It was still the peanut butter chick, but it was two humans and he put peanut butter. He put like a berry on the tip of his hog. same sex behavior is observed in our close relatives. Fellacio appears to be very rare. Very rare, but there's no published reports. They're keeping it under wraps. I mean, they have to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's going to be like ketamine depression therapy. It's going to have a big breakout, dude. It's hard enough. Wait, why is that the first the first Google results? Well, Zipper, it's not like you're googling normal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to be fair. Can human sperm fertilize a chimpanzee? Definitely. I guess I kind of get I get the curiosity. The answer is no. For sure. Well, it's like how we can make a a donkey out of a damn mule and a horse. Yeah. But they're closer than we are. They got to be closer. They're way closer cuz they both walk on four legs. H Yeah. Maybe a gorilla and a chimpanzeee. No. And me. Okay. Weird. 100 of me. Can a hundred of me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a gorilla? 100 dudes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over them doing the short. They're going up to like NBA players after games. Do you think a hundred of you could have sex with a gorilla? Can a 100 of you blow a gorilla before you all die? Were they Were they ask NBA players like could you guys kill the gorilla? Yeah. Yeah. Do you think a 100 NBA players could kill the gorilla? That's funny. That's That is a good question. Like what does an athlete think? Yes. But I think I I know I don't want to rehash it, but stupid question, man. 30 of us get it done. Yeah, I agree. I've changed such a small amount. Yeah, agree. Um, look, I have a question for you. I've been itching to ask it. Lewig went to a young man's birthday party this weekend, his 21st birthday party. And the whole thing was live streamed. He was Jason the said you felt a little out of place. No way. At 21-year-old Jason's birthday party, you felt out of place a little bit. What the heck? You were driving the Chevron bus. Is that what you're doing? No. Get all the kids bus. Bring sneaking all the 19-year-olds in. I know he's got 19y old friends. They dance a little far apart. Space for Jesus. For Jesus. For Jesus. Keep it apart. Uh, well, you want to know what it was like? No, I do. I don't need to know what it's like. Tell me about the party you went to and what it was like cuz I wasn't invited. I walk in and it's there's actually like a good amount of high schoolers in there. It's a It's a kind of a young party. Oh, I'd feel so out of place. Uh, it's I can't tell everyone's age, but they're between the ages of what I imagine to be 18 and 28. And nobody's 29. I'm the only one that's 29 in that building. That's not true. Phase Adapt is in there. Everyone in there is And I can tell they're young cuz they're like, "Yeah, I went to We Spot with Aiden, too." And and uh and and it's hot. Okay. That's the first thing you notice. It's hot. It's 85. Oh, it's a miserable day. It's a And no, in it's night time. It's midnight when I get there. Jesus Christ. I roll up. I drive a Vespa there cuz it's specifically on the invite. No cars, no parking. 30-year-old guy driving a Vesa. Hey everyone, to a high school party. Dude, you got to be putting cheese. I brought beer. You got to go. It said no car. You're building the case against yourself. Listen. It said no cars, no parking. And I said, "Fuck that. I'm not taking an Uber. It's going to be so expensive." So, I took a Vespa and I parked it on the side of the street. That's I think that's deadass. I think that's not why because you taking an Uber is so much more convenient than you having to drive the Vespa. Disagree. I enjoy driving the Vespa and I did exactly what I said I did. Did he get an awesome gift? Uh, I got him an awesome gift. Yeah, I got him a tungsten sphere. I I I uh I gave him my tungsten sphere. Oh, so you regifted? That's really special. It's not a regift cuz I bought it for myself. That's ex That's Wait, that's what a regift means. A regift is when someone gets you a gift and you spiritually it's also taking the co out of your closet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, it is. No, but that's that would be a good gift to me if Nick gave me one of his coats. I would love that. You've just been wearing my jacket. Love I I the other day love was like, "By the way, I took your jacket the other day. It was on the table." And I was like, "Oh, no worries." And I go to the table to pick it home because I felt that it was a reminder to say, "Hey, take your stuff home." It's just gone again, but you just wore it home again. If you get it to me, I would love it. That's what I'm saying. I would love it. I hate being on Lewig's side here, but one time Nick was over cuz we did decom and he left his hoodie and then he he was messaging me like, "Dude, is my hoodie at your house?" He's kind of like worried about it cuz he likes that hoodie. I'm like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's on my house." That was like 8 months ago. It's still on my coat rack. Have you worn it? No, but he hasn't taken it back. You should wear it cuz it's probably it's like the black the heavy one. That's all of them. This is But basically, he he he put a great deal of importance on Oh, no. My hoodie and it's been on my car for eight months. Yeah. So, that's a bad look. It it's it is an awesome gift for a young 21-y old. Every 21-year-old wants their tungsten spear on their face. Rain get him a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bentley or something and he walked outside like, "Bro, no way." It's got a big bow on it, dude. No, dude. Didn't happen. I don't think he'd want. You think still got it like that? You do any jello shots, man? I didn't drink. I First off, it's God bone May, so I'm not drinking. Or maybe vodka gummy bears. It's God bone May. No alcohol. And I also drove a Vespa. Yeah, you drive drunk. Yeah, but not at that part of LA. Okay. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, it's too dangerous. But I pull up and and they've rented some mansion in the hills and uh and the neighbors are not happy cuz they're standing out with a spotlight and uh and there's this guy in front of it and he's just silhouetted and he's just standing like this. Okay. And he has a dog on his leash, one of those little white yappers. And my GPS tells me to go past him. So I'm driving my Vespa. I start to go past him and it's a Vespa. So I veer around and he steps in front and it like uh when you're trying to exit um uh the place village. Yeah. Kiri village. Yeah. And the guy keeps going. And so then I go backwards. Yeah. Push past him. And uh and I'm and I'm he's like where you going? I'm like down the hill. Uh and then he's like last name. And uh and I lie. I just I don't know. I just say Parker. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I say I'm Parker. Like Peter Parker. Sure. And he's like, "No one by the name of Parker lives down there." And I go, "Well, obviously not. I'm the Door Dash driver." You say that with with no food. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no. I have a Vespa. I have the And he's And it's like it's in the back. It's in I have the little container back there. Ah, smart. And then he says, "Pop it open." And then he's like he's like, "Well, no one Door Dash on there." And I'm like, "Well, how would you know? He's losing now." He was winning, but now he's losing. And uh and then he you know he just kind of gives like a smirk which is when I realized cuz there's a bunch of noise behind me. The party's behind me. Oh. Oh, you just were going to the wrong place. I was just going to the wrong place. So I did win the interaction to get past. I'm wondering who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lives down there. Uh not Parker. Could be anyone else. And they don't order Door Dash. A security guard who knows no one order. No, it's not a security guard. He's a resident who is furious that people are driving down this section. probably incorrectly cuz maybe their maps are doing the same thing and disrupting his house or something. Yeah, you should have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with that guy just for the principal. They're worried about the ruffians. There's like a for example, there's another lady who had cones blocking her driveway. This is midnight, by the way. She's standing next to her cones on the phone calling the police. So, they're just mad that there's a bunch of like there's basically a rotating group of Uber blacks, Chevy Suburbans. It's always on a hill. Yes. And it's and it's dropping off like 17 like car clowns worth of people. Yeah. And every single Uber just just freight containers of Huz. It is so many HUs. The garage and there's a garage door. That's the only way to get in. They have a special knock. It's twice. And and every time it's just it's just a trove a trove of men and women h. You got to be careful if you if you smash the air pipe. 11 of my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] will die in there. They they'll go away forever now. Yeah. Uh so yeah, I go in. It's 85 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] degrees and and I didn't recognize a soul. How long you say? Uh, I didn't go in until cutie got there. I I was like, you don't want to sit You don't want to stand alone with a red cup looking around left and right. Dude, this rules and phantom sipping. It's just funny to think about cuz I don't know if I've ever been to an influencer party where Lewig's not the guy. I know. He shows up. He invents a game and everyone loves him and whatever. So, why didn't you go back to old tricks? Well, I Well, first off, I wasn't drinking again. Throw up AI Spongebob quizzes. Oh, look go hard there. Second off, it was also live. Like there's so so many live streams. Sometimes I was on a live stream. I didn't even know I was on a live stream. Oh, they were streaming the party. Dude, imagine spotting Lwig like the Spongebob in the Krusty Krab, but he's just like he's just like meekly drinking a red cup just looking like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So did I. First off, I didn't have a red cup at all. Yeah, but you still hold one sometimes so you don't look like No, I didn't do that. So you just stood with your hands to your side? No, I just I was just I was relaxed. Oh, you were doing that. I was doing this. Monk was doing that. I Well, I went to get first off, I went to get in the party, but then the security guard didn't let me in. Yeah, cuz you were Parker. And Yeah. This Well, this is a different security guard. That That guy was just a man. I know. Yeah. The security guard just didn't let me in. He says, "You have to call someone to come out." And I was like, "I'm not calling Jason at his party that he's live streaming to come out and get me. I'll just wait for Cutie. She'll figure this out." Nice. Uh, and then we're sitting there. She's like 10 minutes behind me and he's like, "Yo, you got a cigarette?" I go, "No, I quit." It sounds It sounds true. Yeah. And it is somewhat true. Yeah. It's a way cooler answer. And uh and then Cutie lets me in and uh and we last maybe 15 minutes. 15. You were gone in 15 minutes. From probably getting into leaving it was maybe 20 minutes. Yeah. So you handed the cake and left. Walked in, did the cake, did the candle, and and left. Yeah, that was pretty much it. You had some slime [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. Imagine the camera pans here in Luds in a do-rag. Here's the thing is is the camera pans and it is like not to say that the party was empty. It's just people followed the camera. Dude, Lacy looks like in you know the Captain America scene where the pod opens up and it's like and it's Chris Evans. Yeah. It's that but a guy from New Jersey and it's just Lacy and it's like we've done it a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grenade. Yeah. Yeah. It was tough cuz I walk in, the first person I see is Lacy and I pat him on the shoulder and then he didn't recognize me or respond. What? Dude, which is weird. And so the only people who actually came up to me in this party, they're too lit, bro. Is uh there was like five there was like five people streaming. Every person who was streaming had a cameraman who was like vlogging it or filming it for them. Every cameraman dabbed me up and said, "Yo, dude. Love your shit." A but it was just the camera. The camera. Yeah, that's a sign of age is the other 29year-olds down up is what I'm hearing. The guy with sleeves and the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gimbal. It was all the people who worked for FaZe or other people who were streaming uh who are all very nice. Uh which I was flattered by and then I left. That's a sign of age is the people behind the scenes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you rather than the people in front of the camera. I'm I like that. I love I love the camera dude with the $3,000 outfit aesthetic. Like they all they all have a guy who's like this all day and he's got like a really expensive outfit on because he's also lit like them. Yeah, he has to be You're in the entourage. So, did you get rolled? Did the cops come? No, I left. Dude, I was there. I was gone in 20. I don't think the cops came. I think I think they had done a good job uh like mitigating calling the police beforehand and then adapting to whatever rules were in place. So, they like first off there's no parking which they respected. They had only Ubers. Then they're like, "Okay, the only Ubers is just parking." Because there's like four Ubers parked outside waiting. So then they have to Uber down the hill. The cleaning fee at an Airbnb like that has to be so expensive. It's got to be insane. Airbnb that allows parties. That place didn't have a drop of water in it, too. Really? It was It was like 85 miserably hot. Only alcohol that you could find. How many people like 200 people or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh, no, not even that many. It cuz they were quite selective on who they let in. So it felt like there was maybe you had to be like people because Huz a cameraman or somebody. You had to be somebody or Yes. Yeah. Basically that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Aiman Aiman G walks up. I'm getting in. I I He's got two girls. Got two girls around both arms. He says, "Hey, go to the car. Let me handle this." I It depends. Would S recognize you? I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you a lot, Aiden. They would love your ass at that point. Say is is a face assistant and he was in charge of going out and seeing who was there. And if say recognized you, I think he might. You think S would recognize me? I think might. Yeah. I don't recognize him. That doesn't bode well for this interaction. Well, he doesn't need to. He needs to recognize you. Doesn't mean the other way around. You would learn from the chopped hus on the yard. Oh, he might listen to Lemonade Stand. Yeah, he might. The Faz guys might like your show. Maybe he'd recognize you and then be like, "Oh, I actually don't like your takes though. I don't agree with you." And then we'll let you in. Yeah, Dude, if you're on Faze and you've listened to the lemonade stand, I think they kick you out of Faze. I think that's a that is an instant like you're not cool. That's probably Dude, we caught Lacy listening and that's why that's why I got kicked out. Anyway, you know what? You guys start talking about crypto now. You have we could pull now as an expert. I'm forever at every phase party from now until the end of time. Dude, I want to go to one of those parties and just sell the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the acid blotters with Bernie Sanders on them. Yeah, that'd be kind of sick. That would that would be insane. Dude, selling drugs is not insane. Let's sell drugs to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] live at the party. What? It's a live streamed event. Yeah, but you don't do it on camera. You sell the drugs. Yeah, let me just sell the drugs on camera and go to jail and be like, "What are you eating?" This is a baking soda. I want to make Lacy see the matrix. I don't understand it. So, how would you sell like in your words to high schoolers better? Uh, that's your words. That's what you are trying to do. I would be checking IDs. All right. First of all, I walk in the party. Sorry. Checking IDs for what? You're selling acid. Yeah. I would just I don't want to sell anyone to make sure they're not an organ donor cuz that can really complicate all that. I don't want someone who hasn't gotten their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] GED yet to be dropping. So, what's the age to do acid? Just that that's it. I don't care. Maybe if you're Maybe like 25. No, no, no, no. I feel like it should be Thank I think it should be a high your Jason the Wii should be dropping acid. I'm giving it to the dog. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Lith party. 24 plus is zipper. Zipper is a bit of an extra. You need your frontal cortex to be fully developed. Yeah. Jason has some years to go. Acid changes a 21-year-old forever. Yeah. In the best way possibly. No. No. Or maybe the worst one. Ego death doesn't change you positively forever. Sorry. Not always. Didn't realize you were a traveler like us. You slime goes to the party. He gives Jason acid. They're halfway. It's like 12:30 and Jason's just like, "I don't think we should be streaming this anymore." Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I think we should I think we should just be hanging out with each other online for everyone to see. Why are we making more than doctors? Yeah. It doesn't make sense how people like I'm the reason people go to doctors. They used to be weed that made you feel that way and have those like thoughts, but now you have to level up and you have to drop the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sonic Adventure 2 acid. So, in what 20 years they have to do Fent to figure that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out? No, they're they have to level. Myosco will be the entry level drug in that'll be the weed of of the new generation. Those guys are probably so good at smoking weed, dude. No, I don't think they do. I don't think they smoke weed. A lot of them don't. No way. Real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think I think they're just not about that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. They're like on some like Tyler the Creator. I don't drink alcohol. A lot of them don't drink either. They're hitting vapes, dude. There's only alcohol at the party. The hell were they drinking then? I mean, some people just weren't drinking. Whoa. What if you're thirsty? That's a great question. Alcohol doesn't quench the thirst. That's my point. Yeah. What do you when you go to that event and now that it's been I I think about a lot when CO ended and we started going to parties and we were a part of, you know, we would go to some big mansion party and see all these people. We'd go to them pretty frequently and see a lot of the same people all the time, but that's kind of phased out of our lives. Punoded head. Yeah. And I when you look at all of those people and you don't really know anybody anymore or like a lot of the people that are there and a lot of them don't recognize you either. How does that make you feel? Cuz part of me Hold up. I'm getting hella recognized. Yeah. Yeah. By the cameraman security. So they have a job. We should hate that they have a job. I don't hate them at all. I'm just saying that the people that came to watch these people. What'd you get? Oh, it's the tongue. No, this is cutie. cutie. Okay, this is bad. She's such a good giftgiver. Well, wait, what is this? A chain. So So we're getting the same gifts now for for me and Jason. Huh? Oh no. Zipper you did are so dirty. Wait, what? Gotcha. It just wasn't really a thoughtful gift. It was more of a go-to. What happened? Cutie. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was This wasn't supposed to come out. This is bad. Cutie's been uh Cutie's found a couple of gifts. One for some of the men in her life, one for some of the women, and she's been spamming them. Wait a minute. What about my hat that says spaghetti on it? That one's unique. Obviously, nobody else wants that. Yeah. But this Gucci chain Cutie got for Nick, me, Jason, you two. I think there's like five people she's got this. Was there a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sale? What is this? The Gucci sale. It's just a nice chain that she likes that she thinks is generally wellreceived. But the thing is Nick wasn't supposed to know that Jason got it. What about him? Did you know he got it too? This is a burden of my knowledge that I've kept secret. And you've been living with my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] very own. I've been watching Sopran. And uh she has one for women. It hasn't gotten out yet, so hopefully it doesn't. Well, you know, girls like to chat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They do like to chat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh my god, they love chatting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Zippers in my zipper. Dude, I've been watching Seinfeld again cuz it's on Netflix. Season 3 is good, man. They [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they nailed some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Can I tell you wrong? Season six is where it peaks. I haven't hit that yet. And I I'm re I'm re-imagining. It's funny cuz a lot of the episodes I watched like nine times as a kid. So, I have that thing where my brain is just mentally reciting the episode even though I don't remember it. It's very fun. But I Yeah. This is my first time ever watching my life and I'm like, damn, it is funny. Yeah. Yeah. They, you know, they snap sometimes. Sometimes they don't. We used to go to parties and now we just go watch Seinfeld. Now we just watch Seinfeld. I'll be okay. You guys will podcast without me. I don't want I want you to podcast without me. Uh, so it's day one of Disney week or day two now. Okay, I'll poop. What? What? That's so good. What do you mean? No, he'll poop. I'll make sure the energy here. I appreciate that. So, uh, no. Disney week. Yeah, it's day two. A recurring theme. Disney week's back. It's interesting. What? They change the park much this year. From last year it What's up? Yeah, they did change uh Splash Mountain T on his bayou adventure. Which is it goes prettier. So it's different than it was before. His chair is so warm. Yeah. He produces too much body. He has to poop. What do you think's been doing in there? No, we'd smell it. No, don't tell me that, bro. Not while he's gone. He knows how to change the flavor. Yes, he does. The flavor. The flavor. That's disgusting. Smells a flavor. Let's talk about the flavor. Okay. Can I ask you guys a question? Hold up. I'm about the park. I'm asking about the park, please. Are you slime or Nick? Uh, I'm Nick. Okay. Okay. How many times do you think is the max to go to Disney in one year before it's like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are we doing? Are we talking days like like or distinct trips? Distinct trips. Distinct trips. Are you separating California Adventure and Disneyland as days? Because that would be two days right there. Like you could do a day at Disney and a day at California Adventure. It would be a totally different day. No, but that's in the same trip. No, no, no. I'm saying on Monday you go to Disneyland on Tuesday you go to California Adventure. You can do a full day at each. Yeah. So, this is what I'll say. If you go to Disneyland on Monday and you go to Disneyland on Tuesday, that's two trips. Oh. And if you go to Disneyland on Monday and California Adventure on Tuesday, it's two trips. Uh oh, sorry. Sorry. It's one trip. It's one trip. Um, yeah, that's my rule. But if you go to Disneyland and California Adventure and then you go to Disneyland and California Adventure the next day, two trips. Okay, this is tough. He's made it hard. Yeah, he confused the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me. I need I haven't spent enough. This is a tough brilliant. If you don't park hop, then you can go to the other park and it'll be part of the same day. I think the answer for me is 10 times in a year. Yeah. You're sick, man. Is that too low? Too many. Too many. Is it too many? It's too many. Oh, I was going to get crazy. What was your number? Because at I was going to say like 20 if that's the way it breaks down. Maybe like Yeah, like 16 to 20. What? What? You're just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hater of love and joy. Dude, I've been there twice this year and I'm already I'm going to call. It's probably slime. It's slime. It's a FaceTime. Hey man, I want to be on the show. Put me in your seat. Uh, how do you know I'm in your seat? Cuz you're sitting in. But you were so ready to say it. It's a red It's a red seat. So, we're not going to reply to you cuz no one can hear you. Nobody can hear you, man. Welcome to the yard. This is what lemonade stand's going to be like when you move to Sweden. All right, try now. I'll be a little funny. Welcome to the yard. Welcome back. Welcome back to the yard. Welcome back to the yard. We were already here. Yeah, we already say welcome back. So I think the answer is 10 times 10 times. So 10 time what's wrong with 20? I feel like that's like a healthy number. That's too many cuz you got to break it down. You're going now twice a month. Disney week, bro. You're going He still wants to know about Disney week. Well, so I went to Disney and I posted about it on Instagram. Yeah. And uh you know it's with all of Cutie's nieces and nephews. Mhm. Uh, and they know what I do, right? They know my job, but they're not allowed to watch me. They only watch like a few YouTube channels, cuz it's a little more too mature. Yeah, a little. So, the only channels you're allowed to watch is Mr. Beast. So, sorry. Are you okay? No. Yeah, I'm fine. You said no first. Did you mean no or did you It hurts. Oh, it hurts. I'm sure you'll be fine. They're allowed to watch Mr. Beast. Ryan Trey. Wow. Okay, that makes sense. Dude Perfect. Uh, that's really it. Like there's just a handful of channels are a lot of watch. Not making the cut. Not making the cut. But they know that I'm in YouTube videos cuz I've been in Mr. Beast videos, right? And they love Mr. Beast. Yeah. And uh and so I post anyway that I'm there. And who do I get a text from? Mr. Beast. While I'm at the park, he goes, "You're at Disney." Mr. Beast texted Lwig. Do you guys miss me? So he he sends me a text. He goes, "You at Disney?" I go, "Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm I'm I I I'm at Disney. Yeah. And uh and it turns out coincidentally coincidentally. Yeah. He had uh he had planned a video trampled over on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcast where he is renting out the park for the entire night that night. All of last night from midnight to 4:00 a.m. he rented out the park for a video. It's like a like a $1 versus $500,000 date. Did you get to see him? Uh, well, I was like I was like, "Okay, hold up. I'm about to be the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coolest guy in this damn group." 100%. If I can if I can wrangle Jimmy and get in a picture with these kids. I'm a hero. Mhm. So, I sent him a text and I'm like I'm like, "Where you at? I'm trying to figure it out." And while we're waiting, we're at Tiana's Bio Adventure. Used to be called Splash Mountain. Yeah. We're waiting in line. I was really waiting in line. The kids I I don't tell them anything cuz I don't want to like be wrong. Uh they announced that they're closing the ride and I'm like and then the kids are like go ask why. Go ask why. So I go up. I'm like why is it closed? And he goes oh private event. Right then I get a text from Jimmy on the way to Splash Mountain right now. Where are you? He closed down the ride. It was Mr. Beast who was there like a little before midnight who had closed down the entire ride uh cuz he was filming there. Dude, that's power. I know. And so if you can close down [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at Disneyland, I think I think they might normally close like not too long after. But yeah, the answer is yeah, that's different. Like some rides close after fireworks. And I think Tiana is supposed to usually stay open, but sometimes they close for special events, and this is one of them. This is harder than shutting down the Gucci store. He He shut down the Disneyland. This is different. He's wheeling around Walt's frozen body. Hey, Lud. Uh, it was Walt. He's got a big swat on his inside. He's wearing a shirt with the SWATs going on. Jimmy or Walt? Walt Disney. Of course. That's good. That's good. Yeah. Like Nick's latte art. And uh but anyway, he's at uh the thing. So, we get we get pulled back there. He he manages to wrangle it and I bring the kids and before like I tell them about it and they get all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] excited. They're like, "No way. You're lying." I'm like, "No, I'm telling the truth." And then uh and I'm like, "We have to be chill about it." Yeah. Because we can't be walking around going like Mr. beast is here and uh they're being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kids. So they're going, "Do you think Jimmy is going to let us in his video? You think Jimmy?" And I'm and I'm like I'm like, "Chill." And they're like, "It's Jimmy. Anyone can be called Jimmy." [Music] Jeez. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? What? You slammed and then you walted. You st You slammed the door and then you you did this. Yeah. Cuz my You know when you take a big one and your butt kind of hurts? You don't want to sit down? Yeah. Yeah. Welcome back to the yard. We've been here. So, anyway, uh they they're all excited. Just start over. Start over. No, absolutely not. Catch up. Can I get a summary? No, you just have to pick It's horrible audio. You have to figure it out. What are you talking about? Jimmy is your favorite shut down Disneyland. Continue. Yes. And so, and so we walk up and they're all excited. They're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chirping about Jimmy. And then we see him. Mr. Beast comes out the woodwork. Mhm. And these kids start [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing this. They're so scared. They're so scared. And I'm like I'm like, "Hey, say what's up, guys." And they're like this. They won't say a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] word. Wow. Jimmy, I think used to this. Yeah. He goes, "What's your name?" And he's going he's going to Thomas. Oh my god. Just the shiest. They acted hard as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They acted so hard. Jimmy's video. They were calling him and then they're like, "Sir Beast. and and and uh but he was he was very sweet. Uh he opened he let us get on the ride. We were the only one on the ride. He let you get on Splash Mountain. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz he he shut down Splash Mountain and and we were the only ones who were allowed on. He's like the Drake of Splash Mountain. He's the Drake of Splash Mountain where Tiana's Bio Adventure. It's funny. Little kids meeting Mr. Beast. It must be like kids from 30 years ago like meeting Mickey Mouse. Like to them like for to them it's like the real deal. Like holy sh I mean cuz you can still meet Mickey Mouse. Like Mickey Mouse is Mickey Mouse. It's not the same anymore. I think 30 years ago. What's meaning Super Mario to these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kids? They're five. But like he's a real person. So I'm trying to think of like a real person equivalent. I don't think it is. What's a real person equivalent to us growing up? Super Mario. Did anybody have the same poll that Mr. Beast has? Like Yes, absolutely. Do you think statistically Mr. beast now just by numbers and I know you're numbers guy. I love numbers is more popular than Super Mario was in the year like 2000. No. Really? Absolutely not. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mario, bro. I don't know, bro. That's Super Mario. More people have access to more screens. The Gamecube wasn't even out yet. Yeah, but the He was on the NES, bro. Yeah, but not that. I do think you could probably ask almost everyone on Earth, do you know Mario? And they're like, yeah. You know who doesn't know Mr. Beast? Yeah. China. I bet they have a Chinese Mr. Beast. But what's beast in Chinese? Sherma, that's not it. He's lying. You got to be more confident. That's the difference between you and Ludwig. Ludwig will just say a word and we'll be like, "Sounds good." Yeah. It's Bowser in Japanese. Whoa. Well, show the slow-mo. If you play twice, go slow. Not bad. Show. Uh, so yeah, he uh he shut down the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn Gucci store. And he was funny after because we go on the ride, kids get off, and I'm telling them that they can only watch a few YouTubers, so they really like his channel. And uh and I say that they watch Dude Perfect. And he goes, "Oh, what do you guys think about their recent videos? He's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's scanning them for you know what the kids reply?" Huh? They're good. I like them cuz they're kids. Cuz they're kids. Cuz they're eight. But it's funny. He was like trying to do a little bit of market research. He's trying to get some boots on ground info. So, did you shake him down after uh you give him a little hell? Like, why are you guys so nervous? Uh the kid Oh, yeah. Right after I go, "Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You guy got real nervous there, huh?" And then and then the audacity they go, "Do you think he'll put our picture in the video?" And I go and I go, "How would that work?" So, you're watching the video and there's what, a freeze frame of a picture of kids. And they're like, "Yeah, yeah." There'd be a picture of us in it. So stupid. No, you're not going to be in the video. You weren't funny. You didn't say anything. We got a little said that I Yeah, I'm mean to them. And Jimmy's my friend, not yours. What? What do you mean? Cuz everyone else is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nice to them. Someone's got to be mean. Yeah, I agree. Keep them in check. You're just becoming me. I'm not becoming you. That's how I see the world. I'm not becoming you. You would. You would be horrible around them. You play them in Smash. Did you let them win? No, of course not. Oh, the only person I've ever let win in a game is Zipper 2. Wow. He you know he doesn't mean that. Uh but yeah, it was it was timing is insane. It was insane timing and I won't be able to follow it up. What if Hey guys, what if we go to Disneyland during Disney week and we follow him around? Oh, we follow him around. I would pretend not to know you. That'd be really hard. Oh, we'd make it hard for you to pretend to do. It'd be really I'd yell at your social. Is this your family? Do you know Do you know what would happen is every time you said my name, they would go plus one churro. What? Cuz every time I get recognized, I owe them a churro. Kill those games. You're going to look like Verooa salt. And this year they got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mean about it cuz usually it's one churo for one recognition. They said now I owe every single person a churro for every recognition. I just can't. That's No, they got to split the churro. I know. I said this is not viable. They're big churros. They're like this big. Price of the brick went up. They're negotiating. They have no leverage. By the end of the week, it's going to be 500 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] churros. Hot bread. They're so good though. They are good, but they're not going to eat 500 churros. Dude, you got to watch that video. Who's the not Babish? Who's the other cooking guy? Alvin. No. Jacob something. Adam Musio. No, not the other. Jacob Westeros. Yeah, that guy. He he did the he tried every single food item at Disneyland and ranked them all. Yeah, I watched a video buyer though. Yeah, buyer though. There's the the best one was the uh the cookie. Yeah, he's wrong. And you're telling me I can't I had it was really good. Think about how many options. How many good things? I can't take more than 10 trips. You're a How am I supposed to taste all the food? How are you supposed to taste all the food if you don't trip? Yeah, but he probably felt like a fat one pig. Yeah, he's Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk about him. He might not. He's got CGs. But he's our guy. He has CGs. It doesn't work this way. This is This bit works for Lewick. No, he Well, no. Okay, hold on. Hold on. Wait. Not in front of the AIDN, but he he has an insane metabolism. Look at what he's doing with his tummy. He's taking in 4,000 calories a day. I wish that were true. He's just burning five, dude. I I have a question. If let's say Disneyland [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wiped off the map, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blast. Okay. Where does Disney week now happen? Right. First off, we need it more than ever. They just announced a new park in Abu Dhabi. Is that for real? They announced a new Disney park. Where is that? It's in the Well, get this. It's in the same place as Dubai. It's just uh UAE. I'm asking Aiden. It's in UAE. It's just a bit north. He's wrong. Okay. Tell me the right answer then. Just It's in It's in Saudi Arabia. Okay. No, it is. Look it up, Zipper. They're all one big thing. They're the same. We established that earlier. Oh, he's starting to doubt himself. It's in the UA. It's in the UAE. He's been correct the whole time. Oh, okay. I didn't believe you. So, yeah, you would go there. Wait, why wouldn't they just Do you guys ever think about going to Disney World? No. So, here's the thing. Yes. Island. Yes. God, that was such a 30-year-old joke of us. Yeah, it was. Really? Oh my god. The other day I was I was uh I was trying to remember the age of someone in my family and I was talking to my girlfriend about it and I was like then she said her age and I was like no she's no she's not uh she was like she's she's 30 and I was like no she's not 30 she's our age and she was like yeah we're 30 and I realized I'm almost 30 and I was like oh my god I was so that age was so far away in my head until right now. That was the moment. That was the moment. I've been calling you 30 on this podcast for damn years straight. Well, I'm 28. Well, so so you're back. Yeah, I'm back. I'm the fountain of you. Me saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is the fountain of you. I'm back. He's fixed. Oh, you are? Yeah. Hey, all true. I hate this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm 30. You're 30. Yep. He's closing in on. You guys are going to turn 30 and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come to my house and appall this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] disrespect. I turn 30 now. When we turn 30, you're 40, bro. Yeah. When I turn 30, I will be making fun of the higher age. Well, you're going to remember what I what it was like for me and then you like, you know, Diffy for us. See, Atriox said this cuz I used to make fun of him when I first started streaming for being old and I am past the age he was, but he just keeps getting older. Yeah. So, you always win. Or you can go the Doug route where he just makes fun of Atriox's age even though he is older than Atriox, which is mind-blowing to me. And if you do it confidently, it works. But you can't do it if you're bald. It you get nerfed so hard. Yeah, cuz you like the guy from Action Button can run this bit cuz his hairline's insane. Yeah, but I can't. Look, look at that hairline. I want to You think he's shaving it off on the 30th birthday? Like a Russian conscript. Is that somebody who is meant to do good thing? Not right now. Well, it depends whose side you're on. Not right now. I'm on the side of people who aren't leveling Disneyland. Dude, I You know where I'd put Disneyland? I'd put it next to Disneyland in Anaheim. Like the new Disneyland. We'd make two. Yeah. There'd be a second one, but then we' we'd make them fight each other. Yeah. We'd get rid of a war. Nate Potsi is supposed to be making an amusement park. It's called Brigots Land. Are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me? No. This is like a bit that loves. I heard about this. This is real. No, this is Land. Oh, he wants to make an amusement park. So maybe we go there. It's ambitious. I would I'd rather go to Nick A30. Dude Perfect. He wants to build an amusement park. I would not go to Dude Perfect. Why would you go? Jimmy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rider paid off, bro. Oh, did you guys go to the do perfect cruise? We talked about it. It's upside down. Aiden, that counts. That was pretty good. That counts. You guys never went to do perfect cruise after yapping about it for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. For for for to be clear, I'm scared of the water. So, I was never down. I'm also scared. You're afraid of the water and space. Yeah. You're afraid of big old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Those are very reasonable. I'm just saying like pick one that like like Alex is afraid of water. Like terribly afraid of water. Oh, you're scared of getting stuck. He's not afraid of space. He's like, "Space is awesome." He should be afraid of space. But he's he's like, "What do you mean he's not afraid of He can't go to space. That's why he's not afraid of it." I also can't swim. He can't go to space. Listen, I would I would be less afraid of the water if I could swim, but I can't. Dude, we got to go back to the idea where we teach him to swim. Yeah, we teach him to swim. I need to get CGs before we do that video. Why do you need CGs to swim? If we teach you to swim, you'll get some CGs. You just like a onesie. like a Hillary Clinton pants suit. Yeah. And just put me in the water for swimming. Yeah. That way you'll look you'll look good while you're going. You'll be fast as hell, too. Streamline. Cuz swimmers I don't know if you know. So you wouldn't I actually had this thought the other day. Uh don't go there. We were we were I was talking to Alex how he's afraid of the ocean. And I was like, "Yes, Slime's afraid of space." I didn't know you were afraid of the ocean. And uh and now that I know you're afraid of both, if you were offered a ticket to space, would you go? Cuz you're usually you're usually a guy who's just like, "Yeah, I'll do that." Dude, this guy, you want to eat human? You won't suck penis and you won't go to space even if it's offered for free. Triforce of pleasure. Who am I? Like like what demographic am I mostly align? Am I like a guy in Minnesota? Like who is the most like me in the country? I think Americans. American? No, they don't like sucking penis. I think they they hunger for space though. M I don't think I think most Americans are like a guy from the south. Don't you think statistically most Americans are down to suck penis? I think statistically the opposite. No, I mean we have all the women for starters. Cross out the lesbian woman down to suck pisians. Well, it's in their jeans. Lovewig. It's the shape of their skull. We have all the straight We have all the straightish women. The shape of the skull is made for a penis. Love. Here's another thing about We have all the gay men. Space versus every gay man wants to suck a penis cuz he's gay. Oh, they all like suck a penis. Low key. They feel like they could be convinced. Oh, they're convincible now. I think the gay men are pretty easy to convince on the sucking penis front. So, who's not who's not down to suck a penis in America in your mind? The like a small portion of straight men. What about children? Hold on. We were obviously excluding children. We were obviously excluding children. children or kill yourself. The two big ruined the numbers are obvious. I've ruined it. I'm the one who's trying to First off, I'm trying to protect. You're not trying to protect the fiddler. That's all I do. You throw them in harm's way. I don't I don't throw them in harm's way. I don't throw them in. No, cuz you were bringing them up by the bus load to Jason's party on the No, I brought them to Mr. Beast. That's what I did. What? I there's just such a nasty web of conspiracy going on and I for one won't stand for it. You wouldn't do the yard ghost to space episode. Absolutely not. No, not a little bit. What if [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freaks me out? What if it was just we uh we leave like the atmosphere and we go into zero G, but we don't go no. What if it's just we go all the way to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, better better. Cuz then we can get on the ground again. I don't want to go to the moon. And you wouldn't do the yard cruise. Is there an amount of money? I would go on a cruise. Oh, you would do a girls gone wild cruise and it's all boys. It's just flashing. Yeah, flashing boys. I look I'm with you on I think both of these. They're both scary. But I think space is a once in a lifetime. So you have to you got to do it. You just got to unless it's like lame cuz I wouldn't do the lame one. You just bro just close the window. You're meant to come back down from space. It's We would come back. Not if No, not if Elon has his way. Space is gross. It's weird. It's gross. It's not for us, man. We belong on the earth. Thing about the water, we were kind of born in the water. It's true. We were born in the water. And you don't like that either. You also can't see. Yeah, but I like I am more okay with the water. What if we found out there was a planet just full of baddies? Like, we're going to the planet. You're going We're going to the planet. That's all it takes. No amount of money, no value system. If all the baddies are on one planet, we're going to the planet. If you want a trip to Batty Planet, you can head over to the Patreon where we're going to be continuing our premium episode. The Batty Planet, where they only like ball people play poker pretty well. Hey now. Uh, hey, we'll see you next time. Goodbye, dude. Nintendo. No, they do not evil. They make Mario. Yeah, Nintendo just kind of figured out if you if you just make games so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fun, you can do whatever you want cuz people are just going to keep playing. You make awesome [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cool ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] games. It is the true like late latest latest stage of this whole thing is like hey you uh we made this