 I remember I genuinely thought mayo and mayonnaise were two different condiments. No, no, no. Do not laugh. Burger town. We blow up. We going to blow New Jersey up. Wait, what happened? That's a wreck. That's a wreck. [Music] The the streets were saying we're going to talk about Nick's clip for 45 minutes. That was a lie. We're going to talk about it in for an hour. An hour. Featuring our awesome guest who is there live. Come on down. Faze adapt. Oh, by the way, it's a kid slide. Actually, that might have been our best dismount. All the Olympic judges are putting numbers right now. Crazy. Welcome to the yard. We're going to tuck that in. You got a water to your left if you want. It's on the mic sand. You take that out whenever you want. We treat our hostages very well. Yeah. Can I get anything I get anything else for you? I know. We probably have like a beef. Yeah, man. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, Nick. Bro, I woke up the next day to a text from him that just said, "Fuck you." Yeah, bro. I got the craziest edits I've seen of me. Why did it have to be me? Like, it could have been Oh, that's why it was so perfect cuz I was gone this weekend. I couldn't be there. And I just I check Twitter. I check Reddit and it was it was Reddit. So many places on Reddit. It's on so many Reddits, too. It's on random Reddits. Oh, no. It's like r/ world news, bro. It's really tragic, bro. It's on woodworking. Philip DeFranco covered it. I uploaded like a 30 secondond clip of it and uh it has over a million views and usually the watch retention on a shorts like 100%. You're doing really good. That means they watch it all the way through. The retention for this clip is 160%. Meaning most people watch it through once and then another 60%. They watch it through it like two times on average. No, bro. It's not good for my legacy. It's been clipped and edited so many places. So my there's all these different titles and versions of how it's been uploaded. My favorite one is uh Nick Trick Shots adapt all POVs and then it's just six POVs. Alex and Yiggling are cut out. That's my favorite. Alex sent me that exact. He was just like, "Man, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] streaming. I hate this shit." Left him out. I've seen an edit. It was the like the dialogue from the Cars movie where it's it's He's like, "No, McQueen is fading." The commentator shot, then it like pants to like all my old clips like super fast in black and white. And I'm like, "Damn, bro." It's like the cars crash. I feel like I owe you an apology for what? I made a whole stink about FaZe swag. Oh yeah. I tried to tell you and you and I thought you were trying to hustle me cuz I didn't know about this swag and I only saw 4,000 videos of COD and you were trying to tell me it's different. It's different. It's different. It turns out it's different. It is very different. It turns out 4,000 War Zone videos does not help you in Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2. He was still their best player in COD 4, but Modifair 2, he was butt. Uh, they were kind of all butt. Modern Warfare 2, honest to God, we were talking about was cooking. COD 4 was cooking. He was he was the best player. COD was the best at Black Ops. Yeah, he got 32 kills, I think. Yeah. Where do you think it went wrong? Where it went wrong? Yeah. The first time I shot my sniper in the first game. That's where everything went wrong. Wow. I got a nocope, spawn shot, cross mapap, hit marker and I couldn't talk about it. You got it on me. No one realized that. I didn't know. We didn't know about at the beginning of the game. At the beginning of the game, I I like spawn I immediately I do the same thing every time in a comp match. I look at the slide to see if anyone goes plane and I just get hit markered and I'm just like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where I'm like adapt has some crazy spot that he learned. I don't see anyone and I didn't even know he hit marker. I just remember that spawn shot from MW2. Everyone would go up that ladder. Like if you were trickshotting in six bands, you would at least get one or two shots off. So I looked I I was in my scope. I didn't see anyone. I'm like, "All right, I'm just going to shoot." And I saw the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] transparent X and I started getting PTSD, bro. From when I was This is the equivalent slime for my non-COD playing. So like when you're at the blackjack table and you have like your main hand, but you also have like the Mickey Mouse bets. You just sat down at a random blackjack table and was like whatever $10 on it and got every card but one. Yeah. You all need like jacks that are facing to the left. Yeah, they one was facing to the right on it. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My first hand. Yeah. Uh it was the first time I shot my gun in the in the tournament. I was like, no. But I think where we went wrong is we really pulled up on just some we were like, "Fuck it. Let's just go." Like you guys were way more Ron was jumping into the pool beforehand. Oh my god. Did you see what my teammates were doing an hour before the match? They were riding a bicycle off of a ramp into the pool with full knee pads on and then I feel like most of the prep was getting the suits on. Oh yeah, that might have been the most work we put into the tournament more so than even practicing on the game. Yeah. Was getting They might be more on the phone and talk about it too. Yeah, they might be more lit. They might have more money. Uh they live like cartel members. More bodies. But we won the video game. Yeah. No, we got to run it back, bro. That's a true gamer. Like I don't care. I don't care. Here's my question. If we did run it back, would you bring the same crew or would you try to upgrade your crew? Uh pride thing there, right? I feel like if we didn't bring the same crew, it would be a little bit different. But also, you for sure can't bring back Jason, bro. I'm sorry. You just can't bring back. He actually played okay. He did. He caught He did. He had a lot of low lightss, but in the second in the last like two games or two, three maps, whatever, he started climbing on the scoreboard a little bit. Yeah. But there were some really bad there's some low low lights. I But this is what people say. Uh there's this there's this uh like cafe that I go to a lot and uh and the guy there is a huge Faze fan. So much so that when I go, he gives me free food every time because I'm there with Cutie and he just likes the collabs Cuties on the Face. He doesn't watch either of us. Wow. He's just such a face. Like every time we're watching, he's got your stream on or Ron's stream on and he's it's so sick. He's always got one AirPod in and he's like, "Yeah, it's free." I'm like, "Dude, I I'm okay to pay." He's like, "No, man. Not for you. You're in the family." He's a good dude. Uh and and he's the phase writer that nowadays, but there's people online who talk about old phase and how you got this is an example of how you guys can't do it in COD. You're no longer trickshotting clan. Yeah. I mean, well, we aren't. We just aren't. And but you're the only one who does both. Really? Yeah. I still play Call of Duty regularly, but I feel like it's been a minute since FaZe was even considered a trickshotting clan. still like like 2016 is when we started to veer away from montages and started to be more focused on like vlogging and real life content and back then we got flamed for it. You guys were the first to do I remember you guys would do like I don't know you were in like so or something at the time but Faze was like the first team to start doing like face reveals. They'd be like oh 20,000 subscribers we'll all show our faces. I remember in COD it was kind of a no no to like dox yourself. interesting. There was like there was like hackers. There was like people would try to steal your PayPal information. Like no one would show their names. Streaming wasn't a thing yet. And I remember like FaZe was like the first team to like get a house and start showing their face and start vlogging. And I was just like at the time I was just like that's lame. That'll never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be anything big. It was the biggest thing ever. That was the majority of the world's opinion though and just everyone's opinion. Wait. So how old are you when the New York house is happening? 17. Isn't that crazy? 17. Yeah. I moved in at 17 from Arizona to New York. Yeah. To enter a content house with a bunch of vloggers, mostly vloggers. How do you How do you like convince your family to do that at 17? I didn't. You just No, my mom was not down. My mom was My mom was not going for it. But I graduated and I'm like, "Okay, I finished high school. You can't legally now I'm allowed to go." I'm like, "It's I'm gonna turn 18 in June. I'm gonna go regardless." Like, I'm just letting you know I'm not going to college. But looking back at it now, I understand cuz telling like my mom or anyone 10 years ago, yeah, I'm going to move to uh across the country and go make Call of Duty videos with all my friends that I play the game with every day sounds insane. Like it also it does sound. Does she forgive you now? Yeah. Now she she's super supportive and she's great, but at the time um not so much. So it was just a thing where it was like, yo, I'm going to do this regardless. So like where Arizona you from? Phoenix. Oh, just Phoenix. All right. What part? Uh because I know what matters. Do you know where like Desert Ridge is that area? I don't I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about Phoenix, but because I think it's important. So, please go ahead. Yeah. I mean, Phoenix is the part like Phoenix like off the 101 and Tatum like straight in like in the desert. Like he's in the desert. Yeah. Okay. In the desert. Yeah. Forkum Devils. Forkum Devils. And you went to ASU. I did. That's right. 2017 to 20 or 2013 to 2017. Damn, there's probably a timeline where I didn't join phase and I went to ASU out there somewhere and chopped it up. You guys become boys, dude. Um, Brereslin would have chopped would have liked you, man. And you're on the first ASU trickshotting team. Yeah. Fact. Yeah, you're you're like a varsity [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or something. The varsity knackers. Wait, so I'm just happy someone's here. You know what I mean? Because like I say, sh them and I'm just like they don't know what I'm talking about. Back swapping was no joke, bro. You guys You guys go back. You were talking about it after PSL. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, we'd play we'd we'd play Search and Destroy together. Like not a crazy amount, but every once in a while cuz we had a lot of mutual friends. Crazy to think about, bro. Like 2011. Probably 2012. I think FaZe started popping in like 2011. Yeah, like February 2011. Yeah, it did. And then I joined in 2013 and then I moved in the crib. You were in sore. You weren't even in FaZe when we were playing. Yeah, I was in Sore for like two years. Like what's so sore? Two, three. It essentially was like the G-League for FaZe back then. Like FaZe almost exclusively only recruited trickshoters and snipers from Sore Sniping. You could even make the argument that Sor was better at one point like in terms of clips and there were four elements much like Avatar. Okay. And FaZe I don't I don't know. Fire Nation. The phases of Fire Nation. Those are the evil guys. And then there was Soore and then there was DARE and then there was like kind of like ERA. I don't know. Era, TSU, Obey. Is this This is not This is kind of all based on the idea of like trickshotting and making videos, not necessarily like competitive COD. Is that right? We didn't have a competitive team for a long time. There's dudes who skateboard at the Olympics and there's dudes who do street parts. I see. And there and Call of Duty is like that where it has like the trickshoters who are montage makers and like big on YouTube and stuff and then it has like MLG going to tournaments like wearing a jersey that kind of stuff and FaZe was pretty much the only team to do both at a legitimate scale. Did did the trickshoters kind of think that the the guys competing the Olympic skateboarders if you will kind of lame or was like there was respect for it? Not really. It was just a thing where opposite way around. It was more so that I don't know. It's It's just like a preference thing. Like it wasn't fun for us to like run around SND with ACRs and like kill the entire other team. Like Right. But if you throw on a sniper and you get to last alive and you throw in a 360, a no scope, like you add an element that makes it more difficult. It's like skateboarding but in Call of Duty. That's how Tommy always would explain. Yeah. I I think also back then there's so many people online that most players were terrible. Like gaming wasn't that big yet. Dude, people used to be so ass at so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude. There was only like two or three tournaments total for Modern Warfare 2 in esports. Like it esports was not big. So the average player online was so bad that if you just like put on an ACR and tried your ass off, you just kill everyone world. There is plumbers all over the world, but I think the games have also gotten easier and I think that's a big part of it. And they got good at skill based matchmaking. I think that's it. Yeah. Also, like I'm playing Street Fighter right now. It's like it's it feels like baby's first game coming from melee. But dude, you can go from a plumber to to winning your first war zone match so fast now. Like a assist is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amazing. Like it it's it's such a different game now, dude. That game is hard. There's no Ames assist. That shit's hard. For what? Controller. We got a assist on controller. I'm saying old COD. Oh yeah. That's why going back when we played in the tournament, it was it's like kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you play war zone regularly cuz you're used to 240 frames per second. Yeah. Right. 1440p. Um one like 160 FOV or whatever it maxes out at like I think actually 120. But these older games 65 FOV super punch in FOV. The movement's like clunky. The the it moves like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The response time from the controller to the game too is like, you know what I mean? Way slower. So, you gota like there's like a little like adjustment that you got to like make before going into it, but it's still fun. Do you remember how you got what got you into trick shot? You remember what it was? Yeah, I remember exactly what it was. I was watching I had an iPod and I would watch YouTube videos on it and I would watch uh Call of Duty YouTubers and then one day I seen FaZe made an R war. It was called Rar. It was a Black Ops 1 montage. Mhm. Did any of you guys know what Did you watch seen it? I don't remember. I remember that title. Yeah. Yeah. It was our war. I think Agony edited it. It had a 30 Seconds tomorrow song in the background. I think Bury Me or The Kill. And I was just watching this cuz I watch Call of Duty YouTubers. Like I was watching White Boy 7 Street. Oh my god. I love White Boy 7 Street. He might be on my mount rush. I know Canners. That's the only guy I watch. Canners, Tabes, Woody's Gamer Tag, Mark J. Like I watched them and I guess I ended up on a Faze Clan video one day and I thought it was the coolest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever and whenever I would be able to get on the game I would just try to do it. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's crazy how many people started as Call of Duty YouTubers. You know before Dr. Disrespected that thing with a child, he was a Call of Duty YouTuber. No way. He was an awesome Call of Duty YouTuber. Well, he was a Call of Duty developer. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, he he worked he he worked at uh Infinity Division. Yeah. And he developed maps for one of the black officers. You think he wore that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the office? The jumpsuit before he was That's why he got vibed out. They were like, "Ah, yeah, we just can't have you here." Yeah, he probably did. We're going to make a map and and dating girls under 18 will be legal on this map. And they're like, "Whoa," and they're like, "Well, we have to fire you. It's a video game, so I guess it's they're always maps are like that. You can do what you want. Your imagination." I I heard a sad about you. I don't know if it's true. What? That your KDA in COD was higher than your high school GPA. Oh, my KDA and COD is higher than my GPA, honestly. Probably. And I was a trickshotter, so So, you're going for suicide shots most of the time. I'm not playing for KDs. Do you remember your high school GPA? It was maybe like 2.4 2.5. It was just enough to have to be considered passing all my classes so I could have my controllers and play video games. My mom wouldn't let me play unless I had 70% minimum like cuz I would be considered C minus in all my classes C's pass. Yeah. Yeah. But I still didn't get that. I would have I would have to inspect element. So much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I would do. I would make fake emails. Yep. Yep. Yep. Wait. Wait. For what? for when they log in to check your grades, right? So, I would sprint home on Friday. I was dead ass the kid that would sprint out like I would sprint home because I want to walk to school. Would sprint home to try to get home before my mom and load up my PVSD portal. There was one page where you could see everything and then I would inspect element everything. Yep. And my mom would come peek at the monitor, be like, "Okay, you got it. Here's your controllers." And then go pick up my sister. Exact same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We had this like Apple setup is like the whole school had like an Apple account or whatever and it was really early. I graduated in 2008 so I'm like older before they started like implementing this. So I try to get home and I try to log in for her and sharping the monitor dude. She would say, "No, I'm going to log in." And I'd have to sit there in horror as she pulls up my dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grades and I'm just like And she just looks back at me. She's like a D, huh? And I'm like, "If only if only I could have lied to you today." So you did the strat I always wanted to do. It was in the cold like end of semester in December like running home in the cold just like maybe I can get home. I had to There was so many other tricks and I got caught a bunch of times too. I used to have cuz I would play on PS3. I would cut the wires of the PS2 controllers. That's Yeah, that's clean. And she would think that she had them and I let her and like that worked for like walking away like like the like the villain from Dora the Explorer. like you doing one of these. I couldn't. I was so hyped when that work. I My mom took I played a lot of World of Warcraft in high school and my grades were [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, she took my keyboard away. She's like, "I'm not going to take your computer and take the keyboard. You obviously can't play it." I had another keyboard in my closet. So, she'd go to bed. I'd get my keyboard out of my closet, but she popped in one night. She was like, "Oh, no way. Take my other keyboard." No. That's such a devastating moment when you get caught. Oh, it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was in Thunder Bluff. I remember it, too. It was so fun. What's the most in trouble you got? Um, it sounds like you were play Call of Duty at all costs no matter what anyone says. I mean, maybe just getting Oh, it was when my mom found out I was lying about my grades cuz I made a fake email and emailed my mom. Your son Alex is doing very very an exemplary student. We think his Call of Duty playing is helping with his math. It was like it was like something along the lines of like I know it doesn't say cuz I couldn't inspect element for some reason this time. She already had did it herself. So that burn method was cooked. So I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do I do? So I made a fake email and emailed her and said uh oh sorry I've been like Alex is doing Alex has this grade. I just haven't gone around to updating it in the portal cuz I'm grading all the other students work. And that worked. And then that the real teacher emailed and said, "Your son's lying to you. He's not passing." And my mom was so mad. Yeah. Oh, how did she find out? You guys said when you sent another email and you'd be like, "That one's the imposttor. I'm the real teacher." This lady emailing you is actually like someone stalking our school. Yeah, I could have flipped it. Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] See, I didn't have the Yeah. See, if we if we were around back then, that would have been No, she would have had to guess who was real. was you got to kill both of us. And they're like, "Mom, please believe me. That's the real teacher and she has to believe me." Uh, yeah. I feel like I followed a lot of FaZe, but not back in the like recently. Like I followed it because of work. Cuz before streaming, I worked at a vape company. Really? Yeah. I was head of marketing job. Tell them about the iPod. Yeah. Can you look up IQ Vape iPod? So, you made a vape iPod? No. No. I didn't make it. It was a Chinese company and I they had like an American subsidiary. I was head of marketing. They already had this product. It looked like this. Is that the shuffle? Yes. No, it's for adults. Excuse me. This is an IQ vape. He'd come home from work every day and we'd be like, "Dude, you're selling vapes to kids." And he's like, "No, no, it's not like that. Kids don't even know about them." Yeah. And I was And I was insane. Why does What do we come up when you look up the IQ vape? So funny. You're in the recommended right there. I am in the recommended. I hit one of these. It tastes like burnt popcorn. used to be a merchant of death. Yeah, it makes your lungs pop. Wait, what year was this? This is 2018. 2018. 19 I got fired. 2019 I got fired. Okay. But yeah, anyway, I worked there and I was watching a lot of FaZe uh when you guys had the FaZe House, like the the clout house, right? Yeah. Cuz uh Banks hit you up not much later. Well, yeah. Yeah. After that, I he was on London early. I hit him up. No. Yeah, he hit I hit Banks up initially. He didn't know about this, but I hit banks up because uh he used to vape, right? Yeah. And uh and I came up with this $300,000 marketing plan where we we pay him to uh do a monthly subscription with our vape. And every month we lower the amount of nicotine. And the goal was over a year, he would be like Instagram, Snapchatting his story from how we went from vaping to quitting through our monthly subscription program. And we were going to corner a niche of the market where people are using us to quit vapes. Yeah. And he's like, "Doesn't even look like an iPod, bro." Like, not even a little bit. That's kind of That would work. I feel like that's actually kind of good. I thought it was a great plan. Banks agreed to it. We had a We had like a deal all set up. The president flew in from China. They like greet him at the airport. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uber blacks over. I have to pitch it to this guy. 2018. This is 2018. Yeah. Okay. And then and I'm pitching it to him and we go through and he and he says, "All right, great. Give me a few minutes, Lewig." And then he talks to his Chinese adviserss and they call me back in and he goes, "It was an amazing presentation. It's a great idea. We don't think our product's ready for this." And then who said that? The president, the Chinese president. Ah, then why did he fly out here to do say that? I I think I think he got scared. He got it was a big investment. I think he got chicken feet. And you know what? He ended up closing the US office and the whole company failed. So I don't know if he was a great dad. His dad was super rich. At least you learned flawless Mandarin in your time. Oh yeah, I I've lost most of it, but sh remains. You know Mandarin. Yeah. Yeah. And Japanese. Yeah. That's crazy. A little French. Yeah. You know four languages. Yeah. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I barely know one. Mhm. Your bag is increasing daily. Your lexicon is going crazy. Yeah. I've seen I've seen hell I'm getting more clip now. I feel like because I hit you with a trick shot, I'm getting clips of you in my algorithm. I don't know how it figured that out, but I'm getting more man. I'm getting more clips of you in my algorithm than I ever have before. And I'm seeing a lot where you just learn a word. Yeah. And you're like, that's a crazy word. It's like exquisite. It's like it's like excitement, joy. Yeah. Yeah. Like it it'll just like there's a few clips where it just actually happened. There's one where I really don't think I ever used the word out loud. I just heard it somewhere at some point and then just decided to use it. I was like, "Wait, I got to see if I actually use this right." And I did. But um my vernacular is getting a little bit deeper. Yeah. Vernacular hear it right. Can I put you on word of the day? You could just subscribe to that. Let's give you one a day. That's what I was thinking about doing for uh my streams. Having like a digital uh what's it called? Like sign behind me. I I do like that phases word of the day. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goes Alex. Yeah. Our homie Alex who was on our team for the match. He has a word of the day on stream every day. One time it was grapefruit. I'm like that's not a good word. Word of the day. There's no way. We all know that one. It's inter too intermediate. We need Well, I guess nothing about word of the day says it has to be hard. Yeah, but you don't want your word today to be dog. Yeah. Or the. It's It's got to be special. But but think about how often we use 'the'. And there's no respect on It's not like It's I don't think the best word. It's like a word to learn. It's a word to learn and use like vernacular. Yeah, exactly. I feel like it's got to be a word to replace words that are commonly used. Yep, I guess. Yeah. Wait, this is this is my opportunity to ask you because I I remember I followed FaZe growing up and I followed all the big Call of Duty teams and it was always confusing to me how many owners FaZe Clan had cuz it was like Optic had Hector and like Envy had Hastro but then everybody in FaZe was an owner and you were like when FaZe was around at the beginning you were in soar and then like joined the team later on. So, who who like founded the team at the beginning and then who became the owners later on? Like how did that how did you become one of the main people even though you joined the clan like later than other people did? Well, Tommy technically is the founder. He took over He stole it, right? He took over FaZe Clan at like 10K subs. I don't know the exact story of how it went down. What I remember was it was House Cat. Who was the guy before? Housecat was before and Resistance was another one and and they had the channel and Tommy was like, "Yo, let me be leader." And they were like, "No." And then he was just like, but he had the password and then he like changed it on him. He's like, "All right, I'm leader now." Yeah. Had like And then he turned it into an empire. It was kind of badass. That's what I heard. Yeah. I know for a certain fact that it had around 10,000 subs and they were like about to change the name of it or something or I don't know. I got to ask Tommy the exact like details. But he ended up being like, "No, like we're not doing that." And he got the password, took it, and ran it um from like 2011. It's got founded in 2010. And then I think 2011 is where it was like post him. He zucked him. Yeah. I think that's low key. Yeah. Yeah. But they weren't going to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with it. I feel like No, it wouldn't have played out the same way. So he he's basically the founder. Who comes after that? Like who are the main people that stick around? Tommy drew the logo to the same logo to this day. Yes. Like the No, they chang it now. Oh, the first small a little curvy. It's a little curvy now. Who did the hand sign? The hand sign's the best part of the hand sign's crazy. Who thought of that? I think Tommy, too. Okay, he's a visionary. I think it was Tommy, like a maybe a girl Tommy was with at the time who thought of Faze Up. It's a Martha Washington situation. I'm pretty sure the unsung hero. I don't I don't know for for like 100% but um I thought for a long time it was famous stars and straps. I just didn't know the difference. Yeah, it's kind of similar. I'm just saying I don't know. I hope you guys didn't get along though. Uh so then Tommy made it and when like who when did Banks get in? So Tommy made it. Banks I still remember the day Banks joined cuz me and Banks were in Soore together. Me and Banks have been friends since I was like 12 or 13 years old. That's when we met and he recruited me to sore. I was on PS3. I joined Sore. I had to get a Xbox cuz it was like only an Xbox clan and I was literally all if you had underscore in your name, you were a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, that's all it was. There was one team. There was one PS3 team. It was called Psycho. You got to go to your mom and be like, "Sorry, mom. This PS3 is like an awesome gift, but I actually need an Xbox cuz I'm a loser cuz I'm an underscore and playing online." Oh, in PS3 you can't have a space in your gamertag. Oh, you have to use underscores. I see. And it's crazy because I had a PS3 2 and I went to school and all my friends are talking about Nazi zombies and that's back when Xbox got it first or got maps first. And I'm like, "What do you guys What do you mean Nazi zombies? What's that?" And they're like, they're all laughing at me. They're like, "Oh, yeah. You have a PS3, huh? You can't play with us, huh?" I went to GameStop. I sold my whole PS3, got like 50 bucks for it just to get the Xbox wireless adapter so I go online. That's so cuz everyone is going to make fun of me. Uh, wait, what was the question we were answering? Well, like the So, it starts with Tommy. You and Banks joined. Like, who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] owns it now? So, Banks joined in 2012 or 2013. And I joined I was like lowkey black ballalled from FaZe for like two three year. I didn't think I was ever going to join FaZe cuz this one of like the current leader at the time just was not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me. And how works. I remember I was like even like muted in the sore chat. He would like bam me in a sore chat and be like, "Banks, can you put me back in the sore chat?" What the chat? The chat's on like Skype or something. Skype chat. Skype chat. Yeah. Cuz but granted, I was talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like everyone in the Skype chat would lowkey just like dick rod and be like, "Oh, like look at this." I would be the one person that would be like, "Hey, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you." Like, "Wait, what did you just say? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you." Naive just for no reason. Like completely unprovoked. So I was kind yeah maybe maybe it was for the right reason but then Banks joined and brought me with him and originally the it got cut up in four ways and it was Apex Tommy Banks and Apex Tommy Banks and Nordan. Yeah, four ways. And then it got split up again after that where me and Rug got broke off and then after that uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started getting completely diluted. I don't even know exactly how it went after that. I just know that uh like business people came in who were supposed to help elevate the brand and grow the brand. I was never a part of the conversations um because I was never like a founder or an owner. It almost sounded like a generational hoing and everyone could just throws up their hands and it's like they lost complete ownership and all like value that could be had in the company. Yeah. I mean, for lack of better words, yeah, there were people that were breaking off parts of the company without any of those like the FaZe members in the room or knowing what was happening. Everyone kind of like distanced themselves from the brand and from phase. So these people who came in were like, "Oh, I got to run it how I want to." And they would break pieces off for this person who just got here yesterday and somehow he's got more equity and a quart million dollar salary and has made more money off this brand than someone like me or like a phase. Like that doesn't even make sense. This person just got here yesterday. They never play. Are these like unnamed business people? Are these like random players or like people that got signed to the team? No, no, no, no players. It was mostly business people for the most part, but I just really remember seeing how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was on the sidelines and watching all the main guys like all the founders completely just just themselves and just they were just over it for the right reasons. You know what I mean? Because there were people who were making decisions on Faze Clan's behalf. But you never left. I never left. No, because I still love Faith. Like, I still care about Faith. You're 78 years old. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] throwing this up. Yes. Yeah. For real. I probably will be. I would I would still show up in the warehouse in that like corporate era and try to figure out, okay, how can I make like how can I affect this? Like where can I come in and impact it? So, so what's like the what's like the breaking point? the the other two founders or owners that like came before you and banks are are like uh Rain and Apex. Uh Apex, Rain, Apex, Nordan Banks. And that's the leadership now, right? Like all of those people have No, no, no, no, no. It's really That was weird. Yeah. Now it's really just Banks. I mean, Apex is still a part of it. Tommy's still a part of it. Nordan's not really involved. Yeah. But um on like a daytoday like who's really overseeing everything? It's just banks. So, what's the transition from like how how do you guys decide or how are you able to regain control of the team or at least how is banks able to do that? That's what we're still figuring out. Damn. Yeah. I think from what I remember is the whoever had controls like the business people. Uh and I I don't know. I I don't I want to put you on the spot. They always mention I feel like I've heard random interviews like one person in particular felt like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. Oh yeah. Yeah. For sure. But me, yeah, in particular. Um, but yeah, I I don't need you to dive in that if you don't want. But anyway, they the busy people take it public. Yeah, it fails, right? The public company, it has to get uh taken off the exchange. And Banks was like trying really hard to raise around to buy it out. And I think eventually he did. It is now has like he has his own private equity deal. But I remember when he was raising, he called me in and uh and I was in like it was one of the craziest calls. It's like me, Mr. Beasts, Moist Critical, Aiden Ross, Gary Vee, the greatest minds of our generation. Yeah. Like actually actually like it was like a Zoom poll of like 20 people. I remember hearing about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is not lit. We need to get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. What do you got for me? Well, thanks. We can get up. I'm making iPod shaped vapods. Like iPod touches a joke. You're making a joke. You're making a joke. But his bank's explaining the situation and how he thinks that it's a good opportunity to pull money because phase is undervalued. Uh because the it it had been delisted uh and it value went from like whatever it was stupid 500 million to like you know 20 million. And uh and he's trying to explain all this and the whole time Aiden Ross is there and he's like banks. And he like pans down. It's like fake nuts or something. And then and then and then one point the Gryffindor. I'll give him that. And then Banks Banks is like Banks is like Bing's like get it, dude. Not now, bro. That's exactly He didn't stop, bro. He did it for like five minutes. Like he kept going. He's like He's like, "Dude, if I was there in person, jerk you off." What if I had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's funny [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and big's like he's like I will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for real kill you bro if you don't shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. God damn that's funny and and Mr. B's like can we get this on track like I have a shoot and I remember leaving the call going like yeah it's an interesting opportunity I don't know if I have enough bread to partake but it was it was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy call but he regains control and uh and I think got a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the time for I think the first signings of FaZe which is like the people who are in it now. Yeah. Uh but like yeah, I mean you sign Lacy to anything, you're like what are we doing? But then you know but then it's worked out magically. Yeah. And we have awesome Lacy content with with Adapt and Ron and the whole crew. And I would I think it's like I don't know. I think I feel like the impact you guys have now culturally is bigger than like the New York house or or anything really. Like I feel like it's at its peak now. I think so too. I've actually thought about that a lot and I think so. Especially with the new era that content is in and how short form is pushed to hundreds and thousands and millions. Like there's people who will tune into your streams regularly, right? And you have like that floor audience who's watching you. But then there's outside of that your reach is so much more through clips and it's like 50 million to 100 million different people I feel like who see like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phase does facts. And there's like some trends that like I think people don't even know or like originate back to FaZe like the somebody smells like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean I guess that like it's Drewuski but it's like I feel like a lot of that too is just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Lacy and Ron. Yeah, Lacy and Ron spamming. Does this take place in shorts pretty much? Like that's like the the big main artery or short I'm talking like short form like the artery of getting this to so many people rather than like I don't know streams of videos. I mean, I'm just was speaking in terms of reach like in terms of if like analytically if we're comparing the two like more people have seen new phase because of shorts. Yeah. Cuz shorts didn't exist back then. And also just content creation, streaming, YouTube, all of it is way more popular and mainstream. You know what I you know what I mean? Like it's Do you consider yourself an old head now? Kind of. Um I think so. Like 10 years, right? More than 10 years. I mean, every day in my chat, that's what they say. Sure. They'll they'll always make it hurt, especially if you're bald. I wanted to ask you because you're you're not old. You're 28, but relative to the the younger than all of us. Rest of the new signing, I mean, we're the same. We're the same age. He turned 28 2 days ago or 3 days ago. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Like, yeah, a couple. My hairline is I mean, I'm just saying his is intact. But you're in terms of the streams, you bro. You're at the forefront. They don't say that in my chat. I'm here to tell you the truth. I pull it back. They say I mean this is there's nothing. It doesn't go much further. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little kids in chat, bro. They're so mean. Oh god. Damn. Bro, you look like a shy guy. I'm loving it. You're You're with like Jason and Lacy and Ron on on the streams in the house. You're while like Banks is doing the business stuff, you know, Rain is out of the picture. like what why are you the one person who's at the forefront of the content still from this old crew is like how do you find your way to that spot? Um I don't know. I just know that even before we did the launch and like the hard reset I was still trying to make videos and content like I was still showing up to the warehouse every day. We used to have a warehouse. We had no talent. We had no roster. No one else was ever trying to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I was like, I watched you at the phase five shoot. What phase five? They did like the phase five IRL. Oh, that was such a disaster. What was this? I can't believe you spent as much money as Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I forgot. It must have been like a multi multi00,000 IRL stream where it was phase five trying to recruit people to Faze and they like got people from online to come in person to like live at the warehouse and it was supposed to be kind of like a big brother show reality show and they'd have like eliminations with challenges. Oh my god, it was so ass. The whole thing the whole thing was ass holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] failed at every single aspect. Like it was truly just bro. There was some guy that made the top 20, like the final stage, and his content was he just made car sounds. I'm pretty sure. Okay, hold on. Hold on. Sounds kind of cool. No car sounds. I dead ass think Lacy's done this. This is Lazy and a mustache. Just just making car sounds and like there's people who got snubbed from it. Like we didn't have a say. Like someone like No, the group was insane. someone like me or like even Nordon, like we couldn't be like, "Yo, put this person in here." They didn't listen to us. No. You know what I mean? So, it's like there's the most random ass group of people and it's like Twitch was running the show and it was a sponsored show and it it had lame. Yeah. And this wasn't even long ago, bro. This is like not that long ago. Four years ago, maybe maybe three 2022 maybe. It's like recent enough that it's crazy to think that that existed under Phas's branding. Uh, and it now phaser branding is where it is. Like that's a insane turnaround. So I've had this problem recently where I wake up and I feel like when Peter Griffin fell down the stairs your legs in a 90° angle to the left and your other leg. It's cuz you got bad REM. It's probably something to do with you sleeping horribly. Okay. Yes. So I checked I have a watch and it checked my sleep habits and then I I woke up and it was just a picture of Peter Griffin falling down the stairs and it said you're this lol. Yeah. I used to say my sleep score was kill yourself and then I figured out the solution was actually switching up my mattress and not doing No, I got a Helix mattress. The one that I recommended you sleep you you told me to get the Helix mattress. You even told me what mattress to get. You you you you clocked me. Yeah, bro. I I you know how I do. I take when I'm when I'm not around my friends. I take the sleep quiz on their behalf. I think about what it'd be like to sleep next to them, what they might like. But you guys can take both these quizzes online and find one of the 20 mattresses that Helix offers you if you take their sleep quiz. You know what I like about the mattress is that you know when you're spooning and you're and you're sinking into the middle of the bed. Now your spine's all out of alignment. I don't like that. But the bed has sleep zones and it keeps you covered. It keeps your spine aligned and I and I keep her off my zone and she better stay off. Well, let me hard launch you into the sleep of your dreams. Go to helixleep.com/theyard for 27% off sitewide during the seasonal sale only for yard listeners. No other listeners to be clear. If you've listened to nottheard, you are not they will know the listen to damn anything in your life. They'll go through your search history. So make sure you're an only yard listener and go to helixleep.com/theard for 27% off sitew% off. Let them know the yard sent you because if it's really only for yard listeners, I don't even know if this is going to work. That's Helixleep. Thanks to Helixleep for sponsoring this week's episode and maybe they're going to sponsor something in your life if you ask them nicely. So, you're just like the only person from that group or that house era who is still grinding and trying to put out content. So, and that just naturally fits with you crazy ambition still. Yeah. I mean, I really still do love doing it. I love streaming. I I uh when we hit the hard reset button, it kind of worked like happened on accident. I I uh was I was making a YouTube video because I was going to start making videos on my Faze Adaptab channel again because that's what I always did. I always made YouTube videos. So, I made a video talking about how I was addicted to nicotine and howen how vaping is really bad and I went and talked to doctors and like extreme victims and like like I like a documentary style video like really got serious about the facts and was like, "Okay, to hold myself accountable so you guys know I'm really quitting. I'm going to be live on Twitch for 7 days 24/7. You're going to see me on camera every second of every day and you're going to watch me quit nicotine. You know what I mean? And I was going to do the stream in the Faze warehouse at the time, but we had just got the FaZe house and it was just Lacy. It was just Lacy and Ron that were living in there. And there was an open room and Banks was like, "Just do it there. Like, you might as well just do it there." cuz I was planning on just doing seven days and just playing like plutonium or playing playing like zombies for the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time. I had no idea what I was doing. I was so honestly so looking back at it, I was like so nervous to do it cuz I never had streamed like that and going in for a week straight is a little crazy. But after what point did you feel like I can do this, this is fine? Probably after the subathon honestly cuz after the week I was like okay it was cool. I had developed relationships more with some of the newer guys. I've always, you know, been friends with Ron. Me, Ron. I went, Me and Norton went and recruited Ron from X at Too Faced like years ago. You saw that Maroon 5 clip. Yeah. You said, "This is the guy." This kid's got talent. I hit the button, my chair turns around. Wait, so was he just an XET pro Fortnite player or something? He was just a content creator. Oh, creator. and he was funny and like everything about him like screamed FaZe to me. I'm like he should be in in FaZe Clan like he should not you know what I mean? So we went and talked to him and he ended up joining and when we launched a new phase like he was already a part of FaZe but like was a part of that too. So um he was at the house so it was a lot easier for me because me and him already had a relationship. Yeah. And then after that, I was kind of like pulling up like randomly and doing like random one-off streams and just like in the background, but not really committed to it yet. But then after the subathon, I was like, yeah, like I think there's no way that I don't like I leave the subathon, I just don't stream anymore. Yeah. You know what I mean? You got to keep going. And then you understand like streaming culture and like how you develop a relationship with the people in your chat and like different ongoing jokes. And I bet you get called Unk like 400 times a day every day. All day. How different are your chats? You think? Like I'm sure you have a lot of crossover and people who run it each, but do you have like people you think [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they only click that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for you and it doesn't matter if you're not live? They're not feel a Jason viewer in your chat. Can you can you sense that he's there? I don't know. I mean, I feel like obviously there's overlap, like if there's a van diagram and you're looking at like the percentages of different phase members and like who's like like which viewers is mainly watching which phase member. There's obviously overlap, but yeah, I think that there's definitely like a good chunk of people who have not just like discovered me from New Face, but have been rocking with me since I made like videos in my mom's basement like years ago. You know what I mean? And I could see it like cuz people like when you're streaming like you could you like could see the chat live, you know what I mean? And yeah, there's certain things that they say that they know that they wouldn't know if they were a newer viewer. You like, yeah, you vibe check them. Yeah. Like for sure. Like when you're talking about like New York or like I'll randomly ask like I'll randomly like ask questions be like, "Okay, wait. Let's see who actually knows this." Oh, you put them to the test now. And then like someone in the chat will get it and like everyone else will get it wrong. You know what I mean? But um what always surprises me is when you guys will randomly do like throwback stuff like oh ranking every trickshotter that's ever been in phase or something and in my head I'm like that should bomb like no one should want to watch that and then it's like really good viewership. That's crazy. That was a stream I did before the subathon I think or like before I was really committed to streaming. Even just FaZe in general whenever you guys do this like old throwback trickshot stuff. I always assume that like the new viewers like weren't there for that and like don't really care about it. But I'm always proven wrong. I feel like they are. I always think it's people who want to be tapped into the lore. Like if you're an viewer, you're like, "What? What? What were uncles up to back in the day?" Yeah, it's crazy. Well, it's crazy cuz so few things that are successful now in this space have that history. Like that's that's it's very very few things that are in gaming or streaming or content make it past the 10year mark, let alone I mean the 15. We're at 15 years right now. Mhm. It really is at 15. Damn, that young woman who did this on one fateful night at a Culver's or something, she changed hundreds of thousands of Instagram pictures, whatever. For real. What? What? Uh, did you quit nicotine? Did it work? Yeah, it worked. Yeah, it did. There's a uh there's a Super Smash Melee player. By the way, we were talking Adapt was talking about, "Oh, dude, we used to play Melee like after, you know, playing COD and stuff." He's like, "We should play." He's talking to We would run a train on you, bro. I'm sorry. Like it's we let me get in the lab for like this is how we all met. R4. Sorry. If we had Yeah. If you had four less R1, we would win. Uh I've done this bet with a lot of gamers. You can we can put as much as you want on it. I think I can beat you with one hand. He He has a one-handed peach. It's crazy, bro. We can put We can put a thousand on it. This would be like me telling any of y'all to get on Rust or Nuke Town probably. You cook me there. Not Rust. You cook me there. He has a good shot. I get cooked. Oh my god. Now you guys have really play though. Yeah, that's the thing. Don't step into this song. As someone who's like done the COD thing and like was one v oneing and like all that. Melee is very different. Like you can't like I do I have friends who like played like only a little bit of COD, but they're actually pretty good. They're like crazy good. Melee is like my first two years playing, I don't think I beat anyone. Yeah, you're bad for a long time at tournaments. At tournaments, it takes a long time. Yeah. Yeah, but but like I was saying there so there's a melee player uh who got really good kind of recently. He's get some good wins. His name's Crudeau. He's from Florida and apparently he's packing 18 milligrams in his mouth. Zins. He is he is at like the human limit of nicotine right now. Just upper deck while playing. While playing. I've also heard he sleeps with him. Yeah. And he sleeps with us. I'm worried about crudeau. We're going to call this a peed. He can't be playing with that in his mouth. He can't be good for you. It's definitely not simply not good. But I mean, he's winning. He's winning, though. But he's reaching peak gaming. And that's something to think about. He had his best run. Actually, like I think we should give him more. And what when was baseball the best when Barry Bones was hitting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] homers juice out of his mind, bro? True. Let's go back to that. Let's juice our melee players. Nicotine. Awesome. HRT and nicotine. Maybe. Yeah, maybe I just relapsed too and ran it back. This is a good idea. If you had two in, you would have crushed us. Yeah, I got to pull up. Relaxing to beat PSL. A bunch of IQ vapes. The next time we turn just the the the bunny spread of iPods popcorn so quickly now. But I have a question. What do you like the most about new like content creation? And what do you dislike the most about it? Cuz it's obviously way different than 10 years ago. There obviously [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's different. What do you like? What do you dislike? I think it's more authentic now. Be at least really at least in terms of streaming. You don't think so? Oh, I guess that's true. Were you in the 24 hours stuck in an elevator with Faze Banks? No, but I made videos like that for sure. Yeah. I feel like if you watch a streamer regularly, like if you tap into their streams and you're like just a regular viewer, you're able to tell a lot about that person like for hours. Like people are streaming like six, seven, eight, nine, 10 hours, right? It's way more organic and natural. There's situations you're in where you would never be in. You can't cut a like stream or like or like you can't fake a personality. You can't edit to make it look nice. Yeah, you can do all this with YouTube. You can cut [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. You could edit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you could hit start, stop on the camera, whenever when you're streaming. It's all unedited, raw, organic. So, I feel like more candid. This happened uh I noticed this Logan Paul tried streaming for like a short period I think after like the Ninja uh Drake stream and and they were bad. They were bad. He would like throw plates. He had a wall of plates that he would have. He throws in Fortnite. And it just came off really inauthentic because I think he was like, I'll do the YouTube [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but live. And then everyone's like, this sucks. Interesting. And so he quit it. And uh and obviously found a niche live doing WWE. But uh but I do think it's like a different skill and you adapted to that skill pretty quick. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Fire. Fire. Word of the day. Word of the day. I didn't even think about it. No, you could tell that you didn't even realize. What do you dislike then? I mean, what do I dis uh if I had to really think about it? You ever feel too old for the kids? I mean, there's nothing like there's times where I wish like say I'm like six hours into a stream where I w like I'll end and like go home like where I actually live, shower, eat, and then like there'll be times where like, oh, I could see myself going back on stream right now and chilling. But like it doesn't work like that. Like if I want to stop, I got to stop. You can't, you know what I mean? That's like the main difference. But there's nothing like super like loud that I would say I dislike about it. What about K-pop stands swarming Jason on on the internet purity testing him for everything he damn does. What about that? I mean I feel like as long as the internet is a thing, there's going to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that that exists. Like so it just rolls off you cuz FaZe has a lot of haters. Yeah, for sure. I mean, over the years in every rendition of what FaZe Clan was, there's been like a minority of people who have always hated it and been very vocal and loud about what we're do. Like when we stopped playing Call of Duty and started vlogging, people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hated that. People were like, "Oh, like you're straying away from the roots. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Y'all are lame." When we moved to LA and the whole Fortnite [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened, people like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You guys were Call of Duty lifestyle vloggers. Now you guys are going to Fortnite. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this?" every announce with the new phase when we announced new phase. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Were y'all on Twitter those for those days? Yeah. No, I remember those days. They were they were they were dragging every person announced. I had tears down my eyes, bro. I was screaming. I was like, "Rain, bro, they cried. I pushed a hole in the drywall that day." They did. They were on Banks for everything they were showing like cuz I think we announced Max first. People like, "No way. you they started showing footage of Max playing Call of Duty and like the COD like niche niche community of Twitter caught it and it went nuts and then like started roasting Lacy, Silky, everyone and like for me it's like a thing where I've been doing it for so long like and I've seen all types of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on like and hate and what people it doesn't really affect me. Do you have a hater in your head that you like remember like maybe from back in the day? I just remember I would I used to let it get to me because I used to read comments because I would really scroll through all my YouTube comments and like read the majority of them and I used to get flame for having bad acne. People were frying me and not even just on comments in like different Twitter threads and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I I was always get that sucks. I mean they were they were creative as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. I don't know why they're like, "Damn, you got orbital visat on your face." Like, "This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is mad funny. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is actually I hate when you get roasted and you just have to nod." And the fact that it's funny and it makes sense made me even Oh my god, that's funny. And it's a COD reference, too. It's like, I'm getting killed right now, like in my heart. And I remember like that was the era where it was like the last time I ever really let [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or like like an opinion of someone who I don't know on the internet affect me and just the concept of like you not knowing a person and 90% of the time it's a random Twitter profile pick, no face, no name, saying some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How am I ever going to let like it's easier for me to say because I've been doing it. It would be crazy for me to ever let that affect how I actually feel about myself or what I'm doing. You know what I mean? And that's why I try to tell all the newer guys because they for sure let it affect them. Really? Yes. You have to learn it. It's a skill, man. I see Lacy getting emot. Yes, bro. He gets sad. I've had the same version of this conversation time like time and time again with a lot of like even today. Even with Ron today, I sat with Ron today and he was like, "Bro, like anytime I look online, it's like mad hate and it's threads and it's like the hate like people are like I see people replying to the hate and it's got likes, too." Like, and I I was just trying to tell him like exactly what I'm saying now. Like, bro, you're giving it attention. Like, you're letting it affect you. It doesn't have to affect you if you don't want it to. No. Like, it's it's your decision. Yeah. Completely 100%. Remember when Ron told me to kill myself 3 days ago? Oh, you do on highrise. It sounds like What do I got to do about this guy? You can't let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't even think he's let me think he knows my name. You can't let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get you. That's facts. Sorry, dude. Sorry. My bad. That is so bro. Oh, man. It sounds like you just have a deep love then for for like stream, I guess. Have you ever had a normal job? No. That's crazy. That's not crazy. One day you bought a HDPVR and then you never had a job. You never I didn't get HDPVR. I got There was a kid in my class who had one and then he was going to high school and he was like, I'm we're going to high school now. Like I'm not recording myself playing video games. I'm like every day I was like, "Bro, please give me the PR. Please, please, please, please, please." Last day of school, he finally gives it to me. But then I'm like, "Damn, I can't use a PVR and make YouTube videos. I need a TV. I need a laptop. I need a HD. Like I need like a bunch of other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So then that whole summer I'm like trying to finesse. I got I got my mom to like for my birthday cuz it was in the summer. She's like, "Okay, I'll cover half of this like Toshiba laptop for your birthday. You got to pay me back the other half." And then um I started like I remember I was in Soore and I started making videos and doing other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like we would sell friend requests and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back then. Yep. And I paid back. You were selling subbox spots. Request. Uh, and it was really like we would say like it's this much, but whatever. Anyone would get, you know what I mean? Like the crazy thing is there was this weird like but people would refund sometimes. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But if you had if you had notable people on your friends list, like if you had like Faze members on your friends list, you would go into random search and destroy lobbies and someone would DM you and be like, "How much for FR?" For real. And then you'd be like, 1600 and then all of a sudden they've sent you 1600 Microsoft points which is $25 and it's like all right. Yeah. You add them, you add them for one month, you delete them in a month and then you also never talk to them, right? Yeah. You never play with them, never talk to them, never invite them. And sometimes people would be like, "How much to be in your subbox on YouTube?" And it's like, uh, I don't know, 50 bucks. Subbox, sorry. Like like back, you know, now it says like, you know, like like user also recommends these people. It used to just be like a box that you could put any channels you wanted to like people you knew like show you who the yard subscribes to and it would include their their subscription button under their name. So it was like a a way to promote someone. I see. But um what I was where where was I at? Oh yeah. I never had a real job but my mom was trying to get me to apply to one right when I turned 16. Because when I would turn 16 and you legally can work, I was already grinding YouTube, like making YouTube videos every day. It was all I would do. I would leave school. I didn't party. I didn't go out. I didn't I never dr took a sip of alcohol. I didn't do anything. All I would do was make YouTube video. I would come home from school. And from the moment I got home to the moment um there I have old tweets. Like I found one the other day where I tweeted uh it was at like 6:20 a.m. I'm like damn I just finished my video and now I got to go to school in 30 minutes. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That was every day. Like every day I would come home and for hours and you're getting views on these videos sometimes. Like they would get like in sore like like around 10,000 views but I was still posting regularly. You know what I mean? 10,000 views on old YouTube that hit cocaine. Not enough time. Zkick did not hit those numbers. You know, why don't we get stuck at 301 for a while? 301 was 301. That's how you knew you had a banger. You're like, "Oh, it's frozen. That's good. It's going up." But no, I never did. But my mom made me apply for one after I already was like making a good amount of money from YouTube, but I never got a call back. Thank God. Were you partnered on YouTube? Yeah, my junior year. Do you remember how you got partnered? Like who partnered you? uh an MGM reached out and they would pay me out in pounds and it was a horrible split like an MCN like a British MCN or something. Yeah, it was like 6040. I remember there was like I'm trying to remember them. There was like TGN uh Machinima. It wasn't Machinima. My friend was on Machinima 40 Ste's if he still exists. Wait, so when you were doing this like when when do you start making money from what you're doing? Like real money from what you're doing? And are you are you doing better now? Like financially? Is the is this era of phase for you better? I'm just I'm curious because you you've been look can can one successful content creator I don't think this is crazy. That's a crazy question. Well, I feel like you don't have to answer if you don't want to. I'm just curious. I'm curious as someone else who does content. It's like what's what's it like making money making YouTubes back back in 2014 2013 compared to now? Cuz let back then was good for a lot of people too. Yeah. I mean, it was good back then for sure, but you definitely make more money now. There's just more verticals and it's bigger. It's more mainstream. So, I feel like for specific sponsorships and like one-off brand deals, the bag is just bigger. Those didn't really exist back then, like mid mid video ad rare. But I didn't I started making real money. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasn't even owned by Google yet. Like I was making like, you know what I mean? There's that guy at the zoo. That guy at the zoo had Wait, what was it owned by Google? YouTube. YouTube. When did it get bought by Google? What year was that? I think it was I think 2011. It was It was early, but the public ad the public adsense didn't get added for a long time. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like Smosh and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were getting like their first partnerships directly from YouTube. Only a handful of people. Yeah. Yeah. Shit's better. It's got to be better now. It is for sure. But I think I was making enough money cuz I remember I did the math in my head when I was really like trying to weigh out me not going to college and just doing what I was doing. I started making 8K a month and I remember Okay. Okay. 8K a month. It's 100K a year. I'm chilling. Like what? As a teenager? Yeah. 16 years old. And that's just off ad revenue from Call of Duty videos. I remember when I hit that AK number, I was like, "Okay, so if I don't go to school and I just do this, I'll make 100K a year, but I could go to school and I'll have this much money in student loans. I'll also graduate in four years and then this is like the base salary." I'm like, why would I not do this? Yeah. Yeah. You crunch the numbers. You know what I mean? And life your only child? No, I have four sisters. Four sisters. Is it your mom single raised you guys? No, my mom and my dad both together. Yeah. And they all got way cooler names. You only talked about your mom. Then adapt. No, that's Yeah, I got I I gave myself that one. The one the one they gave me and versus all my sisters. All my sisters are named after cities in Europe. So it's like Paris, Vienna, and they just saw your face and they were just like, we need an American name. Yeah. Like damn, they got these cool assies and I got Alex. But it's all good. It's all good. It's cuz my dad wanted a name in a different world. You're like Faze Berlin or something. Faze Berlin actually. That would hit. That would hit. That's cool, man. So, I mean like did you are your parents like I It's a weird question, but like they got money or like you hit it big and then you took care of them type of thing. I mean, yeah, we always were like well definitely well off and I always had like we lived in a nice nice ass house and um went to like a great school and you had like a middle class like upbringing. Yeah. Yeah. But it wasn't ever a thing where it was like I had their money. Sure. Like I could go do what I want. Like even for uh like the only thing I think I got fronted besides the consoles was half of the laptop, the Toshiba laptop that I started my whole YouTube career on. My mom fronted me half of it and took care of the other half for my birthday and then I paid her back, which is still like insane that I was even able to do that. And then dude, if you're making 8K a month as a teenager, you've you've solved something. That's so awesome, dude. I remember my first my first internship in college and it was like 2K a month and I was this is my first job I got paid 725 an hour. It was awesome. Same. I was I worked in a deli. I learned how mayonnaise got to pay for a video game. Same. Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your concept of money and like you how you like how you actually value it when you're that young and you come up on that much money cuz you don't think it's real and you never physically have it. You know what I mean? Like I never physically like I would just see it and your last 30 days like all right bet. I never like would spend money. Yeah. All your money was in PayPal. Yeah. I I literally wouldn't even check my bank account. Even now I still try to like not look at it like even like the analytic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Twitch or like you're like cuz it it I feel like it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your view of the content like what you're doing. Like you try to base it off of that. Like you don't want to do what makes the most money. You want to do what you think is good. Yeah. Cuz the moment I feel like I'm not having fun with it and I start like being like oh like not even just the money part but like viewership too and like numbers like Oh, you don't have your viewership open up when you stream? No, I I have it, but I don't let it dictate whether or not what I'm doing if it's if what I'm doing like is something like if you were to boot up like plutonium and the viewers were lower, you wouldn't not boot it up next time. Like you're still going to do it. Yeah. Cuz I feel like attaching like your happiness or how you feel about the content you're doing to the numbers on the back end, it's just a losing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game. And I did it with YouTube for so long. Like, yeah, YouTubers do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All of us in New York, Apex Nor will tell you all the same thing. I remember we would wake up, we're like, damn, our video didn't get 100K views. Say we wanted to kill ourselves. I'm dead ass. It doesn't change. Well, you're saying that doesn't happen now? No. You don't feel that like that. You've been in the game too long. You have a deep love now. It's not even I feel like he has a deep love like he's new to the game cuz he's talking about he's been in here for 12 years and after doing a 6 hour stream, he goes home for showers and he wants to stream again. He wants to spark up another stream. It's fun, bro. It's actually fun. I know, but like this is not necessarily normal. Like I think I think that's why I'm surprised is like a lot of people in your shoes that have been doing it this long, they just phase out to other Let's go. Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go, bro. We're so bad. They phase out instead of adapting and they lose their temper. our banks after. People move on, you know, whether it's circumstances of their career or not, people move on to other stuff like and naturally or they they fatigue. They don't want to do it anymore. You get old and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sunset. You keep your viewership up, huh? When you stream? Yeah, constantly. I look at my numbers every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day, baby. No, I'm talking about your viewership numbers. Yeah, always. Okay. What about because he loves stats. You're talking about I don't like the analytics and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He I kind of I feel like he's driven by them in a lot of ways. Your stats [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I feel like I have a different perspective on it because I was in like in the day-to-day and doing YouTube every day and like so caught up on like okay this needs to hit this number and this that's like I need to get this much views this month and I was so uh like caught up in it and then I stopped making YouTube videos and really stopped doing content altogether. Not really necessarily by choice, but if I really wanted to, I feel like I would have found a way. And for like years, for like two, three years, I kept trying to figure out like, damn, like I'm trying to like I'm not I'm not done. You know what I mean? Like I still love doing this. I still have mad ideas, things I want to do. And I would like sit around trying different things or trying to do this or that. And then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like finally fell into place. And not like overnight either, like that was like a thing where gradually it just started happening and I had started having more fun with it. That's why I feel like I had a different or have a different perspective of it and I just love it because I was doing it before and I had it and then I didn't like and I woke up one day I'm like way I I worked way too hard my entire life to feel like this and to like wake up every day not knowing what I'm going to do. You know what I mean? And I would sit and try to figure it out by myself every day. And yeah, that's kind of where I'm at at least mentally. I think that's the big like answer is that like people who make videos or content or whatever or arts if you want to separate them is saying like I still have something to say and when you run out of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to say but you're still speaking that's the bad part and that's when you end up with like making garbage. Do you since you like you move out at 17, you're making money as a teenager and you skip you skip college, you skip a lot of like parts of life that you know other kids would be would be going through. Do you feel like you do you do you like regret missing anything or do you feel like you learned things faster or learned any hard lessons because of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you did back then? I feel like moving out, it's still insane to me. You moved across the country when you were 17 to move into a house with a bunch of people you had. You did not know the word vernacular when you moved. I had no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue. Bro, I turn to a Mac D at it, bro. I didn't know a lot of things. I didn't know a lot of things. Yeah. Um, what's something you learned way too late? Like you were like, I should have known this a long time ago. Maybe way too late and way too early. I don't know. That's actually a really good question. I mean, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. And when I moved to New York, I remember I genuinely thought mayo and mayonnaise were two different condiments. No, no, no, no. Do not laugh. Do not laugh. Why do you not laugh at that? Because I had the same I thought I was 21. I swear to God. No, this is not me thinking this. I now just think you're all so crazy. No, no, no. He's totally in the right on this one. It's weird. It's weird that you call him the different things. No, it's not. That's all I'm saying. Uh yeah, that's cuz I never learned that. We don't learn Chinese. I don't think that's like a thing they teach. I don't think they're like, "Hey guys, mayo and mayonnaise are two separate things." It's a Southwest thing, bro. Same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What? That's so But now that's in the bag. Yeah, it is. Now we have that and we can pull that out. You can be like, "Can I get mayo?" I thought you I thought you were going to be like like, "Oh, I got to pay my taxes." Or like something in that realm. Oh, no. We all joked when I when we first lived with him. He didn't know that dishwasher liquid and dish soap for the sink was the different. So, he put Dawn in the dishwasher. Bubbles came out like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Willy Wonka. Dude, it was crazy. That's not how we do dishes. Hilarious. That is hilarious. And you were 25. I mean, I think I used to get in my head when I was in New York and I was 18 and I would like look at my friends from back home and like everyone's at ASU was lit. Like everyone's outside. They're having these they're having these like real like Yeah, he was invited probably. Me and Breman Ultimate Frisbee Party going [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy, slapping each other across the face, drinking beers, kissing people. Yeah. Brees kiss. People are having like real life experience and like getting to be in these social settings. And I remember I'd just be like in my room in Long Island, New York, and we wouldn't leave the crib. Like, we wouldn't leave the crib. We really didn't have to. And I would kind of be like, damn. Like, I feel like it would be cool to experience that at the time. But I mean, as I got older and like we moved to California and then we moved to LA, like I've been around and I feel like in enough situations where I've been able to learn and grow and put things together myself without necessarily having to do it the traditional way. You're going far back to talk about FOMO, but I I mean, you talked about on stream. I don't know how genuine you're being, but you're experiencing it now. Like people who you grew up with now are getting married. They're having kids. No, they're moving on the next stage of life and you are thinking about sparking up your second stream while watching alone at 10 p.m. That's a different lifestyle. That's really just fact though. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But I mean is so good though. It's a great show. It's a great show and it's better. It might be better than having a kid like watching that show for the first time. Yeah, cuz what's it going to it's going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] itself again? And Luch never shits himself. I saw that last episode. One time is Luch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] himself. Lout lou didn't ever cry or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's the goat. He really is. Coolest thing babies do is breastfeed. That's pretty tight. But you but you do feel respect for that cuz same. Oh, how like people my age and friends are I mean not really. I feel like whenever I decide to do that when the time is right like that will happen. Do you think about like a retirement age or is that like in conjunction with content creation? It's crazy. I was t I think I was talking to Max about this yesterday. We were in the theater watching the game and like me, him, and Silki. He's like, "Yo, what are you trying to do after this?" And I was like, "What do you mean?" He's like, "After all this shit." And I was like, "I don't know." You don't think about it? No. I mean, I'm really And I mean, obviously there's like the easy answer, which is like, "Yeah, like I will get enough money to be able to like live comfortably and like raise a family, maybe go back home to Arizona, be closer to my family." Maybe like I feel like by default that's like the default choice. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's like the normal ending. Yeah. But I truthfully just don't ever look that far ahead. Like I I'm more focused on I mean your life, everything you've talked about, you seem pretty locked into enjoying what's in front of you, which is cool because I think a lot of other people struggle with the opposite problem. they're like fatigued with what they're doing or they're spending time too much time looking at the future and they don't want to just enjoy enjoy now like specifically this type of work. And I feel like a lot of the time when people are unhappy or stressed or sad they're almost a 99% of the time thinking about something that hasn't happened to something that could happen or something that already happened to them. It's never like or something they can't control. Yeah. Something they can't control. Yeah. Too. But like people don't really exist in the present. So that's really at least where I'm at. I don't know if that sounds crazy. You're maybe you're maybe the ideal person to have gotten hit by this trick shot. I'm not going to let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me up. I'm not thinking about it. That's not going to stop my momentum. That shit's over. see, the thing about seven sensitivity is like that's not an easy 360 to get out in that. Oh, I didn't even see how you swapped to the M9. What do you rate this? What do you rate this shot? Like, objectively, ignoring that it's I mean, objectively, head shot over the bomb. It's a 360 no scope in a $15,000 land tournament. It's ridiculous. $300, but it's to even do this in a land tournament like where money's on the line. Yeah. Is nuts. You know what I mean? And it was to win the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game. Like, come on, bro. Best day of my life, by the way. We were talking about it. Like, Nick has been working on PSL for months. Like a gross amount. like neglecting at points his job, the yard, his girlfriend, his loved ones, me uh to work on modding Call of Duty 4. That's lit. Setting up every console, not for stream, not for not for a YouTube video, just for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room was empty four months ago. But that's so important. I feel like Thank you for saying that. People don't understand the value of like cuz that's something that has been a hobby and something that you care about since you were young, right? since you were like 12, 13. Yeah, bro. I mean, yeah. I think you were doing all this for Baby U. Ever since Zurg made the No Scope tutorial, the G-Shot tutorial, people get older and like let those pieces of them just die and wither away, like the things that make them happy. A lot of the time, you don't have the opportunity to take the money and time to go seek out something you wanted as a child. I remember I remember this happening when we did the Double Dash Land cuz the Gamecube has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] land mode in it, and most people don't even know that cuz so few games could even use it. And you can play land double dash with 16 people on the Gamecube. And we just like did an event with it. And I remember as a kid looking at the game book and imagining how cool it would be to be able to one afford it and have enough friends to do it. That's such a sad image. It's like little 8 in looking being like 15 people are here and they're all and they're all my friends. They have shirts with my face on it. There's a bucket. There's a bucket. But now you get to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. But even now hearing you explain that, you could hear how passionate you are about it when you're talking about it. You know what I mean? And I feel like people get older and those things that matter to them as they were growing up. I think there's a generational thing, too, cuz let them go. Land gaming is like like it's it's not a thing anymore. The fact that like getting a bunch of consoles in a room or even a bunch of computers, which I used to do, it's like it's so much more work. It's Yeah, it's it is the most tedious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever trying to put together eight setups and like you got to make you got to make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mod menu, bro. You didn't make a mod menu. It's not easy. Like, it's not. There was a bug in one of the PSL versions. I'm only in the chat. I don't know cuz I'm bad at all these games. And he's like, "Yeah, sorry. There's a bug where like the gun game doesn't swap well." And I was just like, "Patrick Star, another 10k lines of code to the PSL." cuz the guys like for like like maybe a full month I was just like AFK and they're just like so what do you how you know how's this thing coming along that we're doing and I'm like ah uh well I picked up C++ because I'm trying to make they're getting worried because I'm trying to play a game made in 2007 but today um it's not for stream it's not even for work. That's the coolest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever to me though. I feel like that's why the clip's also awesome because it cements it. I mean, like, it would still be cool regardless, but now there's like a way to explain it to other people who wouldn't get it in a single clip. It's like this is why it was awesome to work at it. Well, it was funny cuz when we were setting up the room to play them, for some reason, I didn't think about it being similar to when we do PSL. And then Dan was like, "Oh, you got to turn off all the lights and do like the disco lights and like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you guys do when you play on Fridays." And I was like, "I didn't think about that at all." And I think that that added a lot to the atmosphere right when they walked in. Like they were just like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is all this?" Like a high school dance. Dude, I walked in there was the disco lights, Drizz playing music on his DJ. You were the only one who was like, "Wait, are you guys nice?" Because like everyone else like Ron and Jason, they were just like, they were just running around yelling and you're like, "Wait a minute. What did we walk into? You guys have eight Xboxes." There's no way you just have eight setups and it's like oh like we just put these together like like you we found those setup there's custom [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Modern Warfare 2 cases. It's like the PSL bro is MW2 and BO2. You know how hard it is to play those games online? Like you don't just like oh like you want to you know what I mean? So I know system it's an Xbox 360 summer. Yeah, bro. It's an Xbox 360 summer. Everyone needs to go buy one. And we are bringing the lobbies back. Here's down here. Here's my idea. You we run this back. Bring the old phase guys. Oh god. Bring bring the only way we have a chance is if we keep the one sniper only rule. Yeah, for sure. No, we got to do all snipers, bro. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We get hooked. I'd have to call some friends from high school for that. That would be so much fun, bro. I mean, I just set up a land at the Faze House, two monitors, two Xboxes where uh it's just BO2 for now, but I want to eventually get like MW2 and I'm pretty sure the live servers for BO2 are still up and running. All of them are up, which is crazy. I play I play COD 4 like every night cuz Apex I know him for sure, he plays it and makes videos for his gaming channel on it. Every day he's been trying to tell me, "Get on, get on, get on." So, part of me wants to start playing BO2 on the 360 on stream and like making some sort of arc around it or something. Let's do the Xbox 360 summer and we can rematch at the end of summer. Yeah, I feel like there's so much and people love that game. It's so good. Yeah, chat's crazy. Like chat every time they see it, they're like it's just a nostalgia wave. I think you can technically still cue league play. Really? Yeah. They're just not players. But if you were, but you're big enough to where like you could organize like everyone get on and go on league play and you could do a team of four. You could make a custom logo again like you could league play was black ops in competitive mode. It was like the first ranked mode that you could make your own logo in the game. Oh yeah. Make your own to be honest with you. I straight I think I learned more about vagina anatomy from the Black Ops 2 custom logos than I did in school. just booting it up and beating it. That game had awesome. Yeah, that game pretty much had everything. Had mode. It had zombies. It had a a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rank play competitive uh mode. It's definitely the best competitive COD I think ever. Guys, I got into a bit of a trouble. Okay, I signed up for a monthly service that Me and Aiden are going to turn you in. Sorry. Okay. Well, listen to what I did first and then before you make a rash decision. Yeah, I signed up for a service that sends me chicken tenders every single week. Dude, you played the new Mario Kart and you saw the chicken tenders and you were like, "What if I could eat those in real life?" You find out you could. I did all this, too. Basically, I get sent about 200 tenders. Chicken right. It's too many. That's way too many cooked frozen. Yes. Wait, but I also have the subscription. Yes. And And so if you have so many, I don't need to have it myself. I don't care. Well, the thing is I I don't want it anymore. and they make it really hard to cancel it. Oh, so I need some help. Well, the thing is, you realize that Rocket Money, you can just go in the app and it'll you can just press a button, it'll go cancel it for you. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions and monitors your spending and helps lowers your bills so you can grow your savings if you didn't know. That is so convenient to be added into this, too. I use it to cancel my master class because I couldn't log into master class and I didn't want it anymore. But I got it because Nananiel Negranu told me one time that you shouldn't be all loosey goosey at the table eating a sandwich, right? And now, but you still are loosey goosey and now you have no skills. Yes. You But I also save $240 a year. Yeah. So I don't I didn't know how much these tenders were costing me until I checked Rocket Money. It's about $7,000 a month. That's I'm think I'm a restaurant. I'm paying the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power every month, dude. Okay, that's got to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cancel that. You know, Rocket Money's got over 5 million users and they've saved $500 million in cancelled subscriptions. Now make it 501 million because Aiden was paying that much to LAPD. Dude, they save members up to $740 a year. LAPW the Los Angeles Fire Department. He was paying LAPD. I looked at his bank statements. He had LAPD all over monthly donations. Very different organization. I saw LAPD on Aiden's computer when I walked over and there's a bunch of donations. If you want to cancel your one of subscriptions, maybe to the LAPD and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money, go to rock to rockmoney.com/theyard. That's rockinmoney.com/theyard to cancel your LAPD donations. You shouldn't be donating to that. I'm not watering. The police deliver the water and power every month. Now to a guy who doesn't know what the word verbatim means. Hey, Black Ops 6 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Can I Can we say that? Do you agree on that? Yeah. I mean, the majority of the new Call of Duty is not enjoyable. Why? As someone who I play like War Zone sometimes, I don't know. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kills me that they've gone they've like regressed in the opposite direction for a over almost a decade now. MW2 remastered was good. That was the last one that I feel like existed outside the week where they released it. Everything else Wait, Modern Warfare Remastered 2019. Uh, wait, there was an MW2 remaster. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I remember that. Um just there's so many cons MW2 we know it I don't know how to even explain it. Oh it wasn't the same was MW 2019 that was yeah yeah yeah that was the last one that I feel like and that kind of came out with Verdons where I feel like the game was fun. I still play War Zone every night almost, even sometimes offstream, but it's just not the same as it was uh like when we would play COD, like MBO2, like it was what parts of it feel like what's shitty about it? I don't I mean, it's just a vibe. There's a lot of things like I mean, if I off the top of my head, if I had to highlight one, it's just like the fact that you can put eight [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] attachments on a gun. The fact that to get a specific attachment for whatever gun is the meta, you have to use this SMG and get this SMG to this level to get this grip for this AR. That doesn't even [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sound like you have to grind shipyard to is the best way to get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's actually It actually is miserable. Even making a class with everything unlocked in custom cuz there's like a foregrip, a back grip, a nozzle. There's so much going on. It's crazy cuz it feels like all of the biggest bugs are the like are in gameplay and it's like like they'll be like you know what like if the main menu like looks like Netflix and Nicki Minaj is in the game and every gun has 45 attachments on it like that's what we want. That's that's the biggest. They said what they do is they had Seth Rogan Nuke Town and if there's weed haze and that seems like all their priorities are there. It's also like very clearly they're doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for money which is like I get it but also it's like I don't I don't like how disposable the games feel now. Like it feels like they come out with a game. It's a It's 900 gigabytes. And then you're supposed to when the next game comes out, uninstall that one, reinstall the new one because who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] has five terabytes on their SSD and it's like, "Oh yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the last year one. Who cares? We're on. Sorry that was late." It doesn't even matter. Let's go. It It literally is so unfortable. People like talked about like the new COD or like getting outside of the outside the first week a game came out. It's just just War Zone. Like War Zone was its own phenomena for a bit. War Zone gets people hyped cuz back in the day like MW2 came out and then they was like, "Wow, it's the greatest game of all time." Whatever. You play the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of it. And even like even Black Ops 1, MW3, Black Ops 2, all these games come out, you play them, but you still play MW2 and the servers are still back. New COD is not like that. You're not like going back and playing COD 4 remaster like Yeah. It's like Madden or Advanced Warfare. Yeah. It's it's it's like a sports title. It's like, why play the one from 2012? Yeah, they they've perfected a development cycle in a money-making situation. And I I don't know. It's But it's interesting to hear like like an old head who's not that old be like, "No, the mechanics still suck." But, you know, you understand why it's so successful. It's like the blueprint for what everyone is like overly like obsessed with and every conceivable category is already out. It exists, but they just ignore it. So, I don't get it. But I do cuz then again it's like a money making. It's working. Yeah. You know what I mean? And they're making money. It just feels like damn. I feel like there's such a core uh group of people who grew up playing Call of Duty who was like a part of like a lot of people's childhoods and lives growing up where now it's like they lost them. You know what I mean? Well, this is why we still play the old Smash game. So, so we're very lucky in that there's still a very like healthy scene and a powerful scene for like the one game that we can't put down, right? Well, it's coming to Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 or Black Ops 2 because it's a summer back to the masses. We actually might have to do it, bro. We have a CRT in here. Adapt walked in. He's like, "You play Smash on that, right?" Like, he knew. He understood. You're ahead, bro. Yes. That is our melee set. That's what we do, bro. We rent out what's that pyramid in Vegas? The Luxer. Stress out the HyperX luxury arena sphere. Yeah. No, no. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] set up [Laughter] to New York. That's correct. A round circle on a square peg in the thing. He really did say pyramid, too. And I responded with sphere. That was tough. That was tough. Yeah, we we rent that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out at the end of the summer. We have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome Xbox 360 land. Brother idea, huh? You got to get one. Get what? Xbox 360. You talk a lot. I got eight downstairs. Me and Nick Engling play every night, bro. I got eight downstairs. You don't got them. I got them. They are his. Listen, I am down. Wait, no, they're his. I will use every uh like bit of uh influence I have to push uh for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I actually love this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go Xbox 360, bro. Even I mean even now I just play like a game. I say it's a game. It's always like an hour or two of War Zone and it was just me originally, but now like a lot of the other Fig guys are getting on like Jason has been playing a lot. Ron will jump on and play. Um, Silky, everyone like has been It's to a point now where people asked for it. Which when I started streaming, I was like, "Okay, that was poison." It's weird cuz like I like Call of Duty. I love playing Call of Duty, but I can't play it on stream cuz people hate it. Also, I don't have fun with it. It was just like a desktop IRL like reaction and then straight IRL thing. So for to see like over the past like month, maybe a little bit longer, like slowly implementing it at the end of my streams, not just myself, but with the other phase guys and for people to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with it is really cool. So I feel like doing it with Black Ops 2 is not something that's crazy. It's something that actually makes sense. This is doable. I think now is the time too because like people are kind of like yearning for the nostalgia. It was the shot heard around the world. Everyone saw the clip. Guys, can we just be real? I I think that's going to be the spark that ignites the flame. I know. I have to go on a redemption arc, bro. I'm thinking about selling t-shirts. I just have your face on it and it says like missing broken on Bite. The clip the the the bury me bury me like the animals are leaving clip cuz it's, you know, it's recirculating again naturally. People are putting me in it. Yeah. Something that I thought about when this was happening is you're Nick is also the reason that that clip like to I blew that up. Yeah. Yeah. What clip? The one where she's like the 30 seconds. Oh yeah yeah yeah. The beginning of the edit. Yeah. And one of my friends just sent me that like like as a downloaded video like not even a link and he was like have you seen this? I saw I died laughing like this is the funniest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever and it was not viral. It was not a big video at all. and I tweeted it and I said, "Hey, I'm not trying to say I made this video. I'm trying to find who made it because I think it's the funniest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've ever seen in my life." And that tweet blew up. Yeah. Really? And that's why that clip is so big. Everyone thought despite despite how I wrote the tweet, everyone thought I made it. So I got DMs for like 2 years that were just like, "Bro, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this the video you made is so funny." And I'm like, "It says it right there. I did not make it." And the guy who made it found me and was like, "What the fuck?" And I'm like, "Read the tweet. I was looking for you." Yeah. The guy who made it was kind of pissed. Yeah, I'm like replying to the tweet like this guy made it and of course no one replied. No one's like the inflection point for it becoming so full circle now that like I'm in the video. Yeah, it's crazy how many strings are attached to it now. That's insane. I did not know the lore behind it. My curiosity, what is your favorite trick shot that you hit? Presumably back in the day. Do you have one that when you go back you're like I feel like the one that everyone knows is obviously the crane shot cuz that was a crazy shot especially at the time. I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going try to send to zipper and you're a trick shot so you you're in sore right? No I was in phase you were f Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the time. But my favorite is got to be the basketball court on raid. That was like the most creative. Can you walk us through the shot and then we'll see it? Like I could actually explain fully break it down for you. Break it down. Break it down. So like there's this map. Well, I looked up basketball trick shots and it's just you on a basketball court. The real one doing trick IRL trick shots. I got to find it, bro. So I can show y'all. How do we find this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Is it in a certain episode? Hold on. Hold on. Uh adapt. This is like one of those GQ videos. It's like Faze Adapt breaks down his most iconic shots. Pause. There. You got like a like a pink marker. Is this one? No. Oh, crane shot. See this? This is good though. This is a good clip. Is this TDM? This my No. Are you 16? How old are you? 17. This is the New York TDM. Uh FFA. Oh, FFA. But I had a lead though. Oh, I thought that was it. You see, like I feel like Yeah. No one's amongst trickshotters. Like if you got a if you hit a clip and every someone else was at 29, it was kind of looked down on cuz other people were trickshotting, right? Yeah, everyone's trying to win the game right here. There was like a hierarchy. There was like a hierarchy of how you could hit one and like what was considered the dopest or whatever. Oh my god. Bang. Oh my god. What the I said earlier I hit this. I love the Astro headset, too. Look at this. This is probably the most popular one that people know me for. I can't believe I didn't get to reload, though. Still the fake ste. And you end on top, man. That's swag, bro. I got to find the raid sooie. Bro, that's so funny. Finding the unlisted video, bro. Hold on. I got to find this guy right is my favorite cuz it's the only time I ever attempted it. Did you send yours too, Nick? Mine? Send your girl. Send mine. I know exactly which one it is. Going for him. And then later we can watch me falcon punching Aiden in pulls. This is all going to be really fun. I like all these ideas. This is good. I win this set. I win this set. It is crazy you won the set, but and nobody ever remembers that. Nobody remembers that part. You get falcon punch, you lost the set. It doesn't matter what happens in the game, dude. It should insta end. Yeah, there should be a mod. Yeah, there used to be an old 20x mod where if you rolled it would just kill your character and they'd explode to incentivize you to like funny. I have a qu I have one question for you while we're waiting. I've always wondered what how does FaZe rug fit into FaZe? because he is a gigantic YouTuber like on his own and he seems pretty separate from everything. Is he still a part of it or? Yeah, I mean he fits in cuz I mean he joined the same way I did. Like he's been a part of FaZe longer than me. Joined off trickshotting. I didn't even know that. He was really good. He was a really good trick. He honestly he has some of the most iconic trick shots ever. I actually he has a collat wall bang across a map on MW3. He has a collat trick shot on Nuke Town. He's the only trickshotter besides Linkxy hit a kill cam collat, but Rug got two spawn shot collats, a bunch of other crazy trick shots didn't happen. Yeah. And his MW31 literally looks like he's cheating. But um like we've I've also been friends with him as long as I've been friends with Ricky. And um he never was like a part of the New York house, but always would pull up and do his own thing. And then even now like when Fay started like becoming a thing that we were all a part of again and passion about, he starts showing like he was at the crib when we uh what's it called? Uh announced the new house like he was there. We did some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with him. He's going to come back. He's going to be in this thing we're doing Thursday. He's very still much a part of like Faze and always has been. Yeah. It's just he's got like 25 million subscribers on YouTube. Wasn't he like one of the first ones to start making like big IRL videos? Yeah. I mean, he like definitely had some like videos even off the top of my head that I can remember like the cocaine prank and different things he was doing with his with his family. That sounds like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just make up. Bro, he Yeah, he made some of like the biggest at the time like those that 2015 style of YouTube pranks. And yeah, I remember before that Temper was doing like day in the life like him going to school videos way further back and we were in high school uh when he was posting those and we thought it was so crazy. We were like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's like he's got a camera at school. Yeah, that's it was such a wild thing. That's what low key inspired me to start cuz I was in high school vlogging. Like I was in high school full-blown YouTuber. I had almost Dude, I made I made a vlog in high school. Did you? Yeah. Did you ever show it to the people? Uh, yeah. I uploaded it. Probably had like 70 views. No, I mean like revisited it. No, no, I've never showed it to Chad ever. It's crazy. Do people Did people at school know you were like a big shot with a YouTube channel and stuff? Um, no. The only person who knew was my best friend, Mo, but I still remember the exact day everyone found out that I did YouTube because I would make YouTube videos every day and post them. Yeah. And I was in phase and at the time I think I was getting like 50k views a video. Damn, that's crazy. Back then in high school, I can't even celebrity back then, but no one like like I would pull up to school and I was just I didn't talk to no one. I didn't really have any friends besides Mo. And that was it. But there was this game we all played called Senior Assassins where you get paired with someone and um yeah, there was a Twitter page that every kid in our senior class like to participate in Senior Assassins, everyone puts up like 40 bucks. Every senior there's like a couple thousand dollars for in the pot. Whoever wins gets it, right? And uh for updates and like rules and like who gots out like who got out announcements, whatever. There's a Twitter page. Everyone followed the Twitter page. The first round of Senior Assassins, I almost got like caught and like didn't like made this crazy escape and then like I went home and made a video about it like I always did. Like I would always talk about uh like what happened in my day at school today. Yeah. Like what I did at school that day and um this was just a straight story time. And I called uh cuz the girls who tried to get me out like lied and were like, "No, we hit him." him and I was like, "No, no, they didn't." I was like on YouTube. Like I I had just got home and I sat in front of the camera and made this and was still like, "I didn't get hit assassin." All right. And if Amy and Becky are watching, they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] first off. Yes. I said I'm like, "Nah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these bitches." I said that. I was like the I'm like, "They're psycho. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them." Like I they like I I made it out. like I explained the whole thing, posted the video and um I'm at I'm at school or no I was at the gym with Mo and I got a cuz I had uh noties on for the Twitter and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put the link on the Twitter was like disqualified a on sportsman like conduct what what posted a video and I went to school the next day and I'm not even trolling and I could call Mo he'll tell you the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] every I would be in English class and I would hear my voice being played on a phone like this from like four different places in the room and then people would stop watching it and have like a discourse about whether or not I should be disqualified or not while I'm People don't even realize I'm in the room with them. Oh, they're not doing it to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you. They're just dead ass trying to watch it. Yes. Wow. Wow. And uh and it was contentious. It was like split like pe like a lot people were like no. Like was it a generative divide? Yeah, that makes sense. But also, the one thing that I really remember is uh what's it called? The girl who was watching it in front of me in English. She didn't know I was behind her and I was in the class with her. She stopped watching the video. She started talking to her friend like, "No, he should be disqualified. Like, he doesn't need the money for uh the senior assassins. Like, he makes YouTube." Like, what? Like, she doesn't need Okay, she's right. You're making eight bands. Yeah, but there's not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] charity case. That's fair. That's fair. That's fair. Like we're not game is the game. I didn't just donate the money. I'm playing the game. That's true. You know what I mean? Just like you. And I remember that bothered me so much. I'm like, wait, why am I getting different treatment? Because 8-year-old should not at the time. There was a girl in my math class who I spazzed. Probably the only time I ever really spa like not I say spazz, but like talk back to cuz a lot of people would say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Even my English teacher would say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about how I would make Call of Duty videos and YouTube videos and just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on you. That was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lame because people would look at you like a nerd back then. If you even if you just played the game, if you recorded yourself playing the game and posted it to YouTube, you were super nerd. No, it was super lame. And you were my friends made fun of me. That's why I stopped doing it. I made Call of Duty videos when I was 16. Yeah. So, I didn't talk openly about it. And um this girl Victoria in my math class started turning up and she was like, "Yeah, like you think you're going to go to uh like not go to We were on the topic of college." And I was like, "Yeah, I'm not doing that." And for some reason like I got targeted. She was like, "Yeah, like have fun like making Call of Duty videos forever." Like, and I just remember at this point I was making a good amount of money. I was like, "Victoria, I'm making more money than your parents right now. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking about?" I'm like, like what are you talking about? Like I know what your dad does for work. What are you talking about? Like he serves me when I go serves me every time. This is like a situation a high school kid dreams of having you could actually do it. Come back that most people think about at night but never happened. I know your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass dad went to the hospital. I was I was so mad. Ask your mom about me. Ask her about it. Cuz they always they always like people said all the time would say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Especially like kids in school like everyone had their own opinion. I never really paid mine to it. But I don't know. This one time I really got mad. I was like yo nah like I'm not like what? Like you're going to tell me what I'm do like oh no you're going to fail. I'm making bread right now. Like but that was the only salam every week on Twitter. No it's not. I don't do that. You used to do this. I just I don't I didn't even use Yeah. I make more than an adapter. You'd go you'd go to people on Twitter goes I make more than a doctor. I didn't go to people People would come to me be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I said like Victoria well they would initiate. They would initiate and then you would bite back. So that's all there is to it. Sometimes you got to bite back and guess what Victoria adapt is on the yard now. Yeah. He's making bands. So it's kind of like we are kind of making bands. He made it on the yard. 99 out of 100 podcasts on YouTube. Yo, that's right, baby. Dude, on the on the note of it was nerdy as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] school. We were all like I was on a smaller team. Uh we had a team called Vast and uh but it was like it was like you know notable enough in the trickshotting community where like when we were at school, we were like no one can know that we do this. Like this is the nerdiest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever. And even so bad that one of our like closest friends in our friend group, guy we hung out with after school every day just didn't know. And we would talk about it in front of him like it was sports because we knew he just didn't watch sports. So, one of our best friends just had no idea that we did this for like all four years of high school. It's crazy. And it was like, why are we lying? Like, looking back, it was like so insane. Do you feel like you're on some Hannah Montana [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Yes. I had two Twitter accounts. I had a Call of Duty one and I had one for kids at school. Yeah. Like you're living like this weird double life is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. And I don't know. It was And your Billy Ray was phase temper. Yeah. It's It was fun though. Like, and I look back at it and I'm like, it's crazy that I was that young and still that committed to it. Like, my mom like I would have to finesse to even get my Xbox controllers to play the game, to make the videos, to get into phase. Well, the thing is like with specifically trickshotting, if you were not playing every day, you were not going to hit anything. Yeah. Like you had to play all night to get like one clip. And you're and you're gonna get one clip every like couple weeks. I remember I was heart I tried out for phase in the first phase five and it was during that era where I had to like I was only allowed to play on Saturday or Friday, Saturday, Sunday and then um I got into the top 20. I remember getting in the top 20 and I couldn't play as much as top 20. I was on like a dry streak. I only hit like a handful of clips and I was like, "Fuck, I'm so close." And they announced the five and I remember the first person they announced it was on June 5th. It was on my birthday. I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If they're going to do it, they're going to do it today. You know what I mean? And they didn't. It was Faze Hateful. It was FaZe [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hateful. That's a cool name. And I was so sad pissed off. I was so sad. I remember sitting on my iPod refreshing the FaZe Clan YouTube. I'm not even trolling like this waiting for the announcement cuz I knew it was going up that day. And I saw introducing Faze Hateful at zero views. I was like, "No, bro." You start crying in class. I swear I started crying. No, I was at home. I started I was so sad, bro. And then um obviously like I ended up joining later on, but I I remember trying to get into like doing clan tryyous and trying to explain to my mom like why I needed to play at a specific time in the week. It wasn't like a thing I could just get on and play cuz I had the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I could only play on weekends and I tried to get into like uh I played Nintendo games, competitive Nintendo games. So, I was trying to get it into a Mario Striker clan and I'm like trying to convince my mom why like playing at Friday at like 400 p.m. is so important to me. And I remember be and failing the trial and crying. I remember all of it. She's like, "Why do they call it a clan? Clan." And then she goes to your dad, she goes, "You have to talk to your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] son. He's crying. He played a soccer game and he's crying." Look, you can be in a clan if you want. Just don't cry. Bro, it was so hard to convince any adult of any like element of what it is that you're doing on the game. It was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. I mean, to be fair, like I mean, we're in this room, but there's like a bunch of adapts who didn't succeed. Oh. And never made it to phase and did spend like 5,000 hours trickshotting to not end up. So, I think that's, you know, some of them became MLB players. That's true. Oh, yeah, bro. So, my friend, I don't watch baseball. My my homies watching baseball like a week ago and it's uh Cleveland Guardians, the Guardians versus Dodgers. And someone on on the Guardians hits a home run and their name pops up cuz like they hit the home run, the graphics and stuff and he immediately recognizes the name and he sends me a text. He's like, "Don't we know this guy? He was in my Call of Duty clan when I was a kid." What's his name? Uh Daniel Schneiman. And and I was like, "Bro, that guy was in our clan." That's crazy. Isn't that insane? like just someone who is just like literally a trickshotter. Someone I would just play Xbox with like every day for like 3 years. I hate stingers. Different types of shots. Wait, I think we got to we got to wrap it up. But why don't we can you break down the clip? We got we found the clip. Yeah, this is my probably my favorite trick shot ever. I'm trying to think. I don't know about best, but definitely. Yeah, I feel like best best and favorite are always different. I feel like and it's not set up. No, I've never even seen a shot from there. People that people didn't even know that you could go for that. I just saw I'll explain in a second. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] god. Oh my god. I can't believe the whistle like you saw a dame walking down the street. It's euphoria. There's nothing like it. Bro, those reactions are so like nostalgic hearing like the Xbox mics. Yeah, the clipping. The reason that's my favorite is cuz if you look at the clip like it's on this map Raid, right? And floaters were still a thing at the time, right? Wasn't that a floater? So like the only shot people would go for on raid was that sooie out uh the window to bomb out the house. Yeah. Or is it a bomb? I think it's a bomb actually. Whatever the whatever bomb is there. The guy wasn't coming out of spawn and it's like 10 seconds left, right? And see I see someone die. I see someone die with the bomb. I'm like, "Okay, he's he's back here, right?" I stun. I get a hit marker. I saw I get a hit marker again. I'm like 6 seconds left. I might as well just go for this. And I There's the only time I've ever attempted it. I thought about it in my head before, but you were never in a position where you would even be here on the map when Last Alive was there. Yeah. So, you have no clue where he is in the court. You're just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ripping. I just know he's Yeah. You just And you have that like period, that moment right after you hit it where you don't even realize you hit it. It's like a You're like, "Wait, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I just do?" And it hits you. You're like, "Oh." Cuz you're sending out so many, right? You're just grinding for the trick shot. went for like that day, not that shot in that place, but like that day probably attempted like 80 other shot, right? And that specific shot I never attempted in a public match. It was always just a thing like you probably can relate where you'd be playing on a map and you're like you would think of a shot you're like, "Oh, this could be cool." But you would never go for it or try it because it just was not practical. Yeah. You you if you're if you don't hit like at least, you know, 10 things the next two months, you're not making a montage. Yeah. And then it's like you'd have these ideas and you'd be like I could go for that but it would take me maybe like 4 months to hit it once. That's crazy. So I'm like I don't you know cuz like whether or not you get technically all the parts of the trick shot in cuz there's a lot of things you like do in the air or whatever is one thing but then you need the luck of the no scope which is just a complete RNG and you're everyone's got commando pro on cuz you don't want to die when you hit the ground so you don't have steady aim so you do have less accurate nocopes too. Um, so yeah, you were just like the people who were really good, they were also kind of outing themselves as people who play a lot. You'd have to play to be on all day. Like there's not like because everything you just said, there's so many components and variables that need to line up. And then also you need to get lucky enough for the nocope hit. Like you could People always ask like if trickshotting was skill or luck. It's just like I feel like with anything, you have to be skilled enough to shoot in the right direction every time. You don't know if it's going to hit though. But you have to shoot at least near him or where you think he is every single time. That's the hard part. Vest nine, show us your clip. This is This was my best one. Probably my favorite two, but I have two. I put the backwards ladder saw. Oh, tack flip. You tagged him. That was calm. That's really hard. I was like I think I was like the first person to do this. 540 and on that ladder backwards is crazy. I probably Yo, you tagged him in the air and he's in the last stand into a head shot. Oh, he was in last stand. Not tag shot. Tagging someone in the shot was also Wait, go to the comments on that real quick. Insane. Go to the comments on that. Oh, tagging somebody midair like Yeah, cuz it's it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That was one of those shots. So, so the story behind this, it was the same thing. I had that idea and uh it was one of those shots that I would literally never go for. I just want to point out Zeum and there's also Rain I think not rain is in the comments somewhere. Uh Zum is a goat. Um anyway, um I had this idea and I was like, "Man, what if you hit someone in midair with a pistol?" Cuz you'd always try to hit someone with your pistol before you trickshotted them to avoid getting a hit marker. Oh, yeah. You would tag For sure. You tagged them and I was like, "Well, what if you did the tag as part of the trick shot?" I always had that idea and I was like, I didn't see anyone do it. Um and I was on this map and we're playing like a tryhard kid. And it was a whole thing back then like people would like if people recognized your gamertag or whatever, they would stand still and let you trickshot. And it was called setting up. And for me back then it like ruined it. I was like, "No, I want to hit like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a plumber. I want to hit a guy who like who like does not want to be trick shot right now." Like like he's trying his hardest to kill me. And that guy was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] UMP trying his hard had last stand on. Like no one who's standing still has last stand on. That's why the clips where you're red where you got like you're getting shot at and you still hit a clip. I hold in higher like a higher percent. I'd rather see like a 720 like simple whatever shot on someone who was really trying to kill you than like something crazy that was set up because you had a million opportunities to try it. But um uh my friend comes over and rings the doorbell and I get up and it's and my like it's in that that that scrapyard game and I'm up on the ladder and I come back in the room. My mic's not even plugged in and uh I come in the room and I'm standing up and I'm holding my controller and I'm like, "Hey, look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up shot I'm going for." I don't even know the guy is there. I then I go for the shot and then I see him. I just hit him with the tag and I just hit the shot. I was just trying to show him what I was going for and I I just happened to be like, "Oh, he's there. Shoot." And hit it. And then that's why everyone That was the first time you ever even tried it. That was the first time I like really tried it. That's crazy. And everyone in the game is like They're like, "Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He was in the last stand." Because my mic's not plugged in. So I'm screaming, but no one in the game knows I hit anything. So all their reactions are like so candid cuz they're like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what?" They only find out like after the shot gets hit. Thank god you recorded it because otherwise you're just telling this story as if it happened, you know, and then it doesn't matter. I wouldn't be telling the story. I would have commit suicide. Um I want to show one more cuz this was like way early. This is like 2011 back when like shots like these were like crazy. But this was the shot the only time like the first time my mom like yelled at me. Uh pause really quick. So this is like 3:30 a.m. on a school night. Mhm. And my mom every night she'd come in around midnight and she'd open the door and I'd be fake sleep on the on the bed and then she'd close the door and her her room was on the other side of the house and I'd get back up. I get out back online. I'd always turn my Xbox off around midnight so I could make her think I was asleep and I get back on. So this is about 3:30 a.m. I'm playing super like I'm like being really quiet and then I hit you can press play. I hit this shot. I never hit anything like it before. And these are all all the kids in the game are the kids at my friends at school. That's so lit. You played with your friends at school. Damn, that was clean. In 2011. In 2011, I think. Maybe 2012. Maybe early 2012. That's crazy. This is a crazy shot. Maybe. Check the date. It might be 2012. Um, that's crazy. You played with kids from your You trick shot with kids from your school. 2011. 2011. And I start [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screaming and my mom comes into my room and she's like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're still awake." And I'm like, "Oh." And I just And everyone hears it. I turn the Xbox on, but I'm too hyped. I'm like, "What the This is the best thing I've ever done in my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life." kind of like freaking out. There's a video somewhere of someone in my game recording my voice and it's like eight octaves higher and I'm like freaking out. I can't go back and watch some of my reactions cuz I start like there's clips of me even like when I'm in phase in like 2030 where I hit a clip and I just start freaking like start screaming. Yeah. Like I'm I I'm trying to think of one like I hit a standoff window shot tomahawk across the map and I started screaming and I go back and watch it and I can't even watch it. But yeah, we didn't have or farming back then, bro. No one was quiet after doing something cool. You were laughing. No, dude. Yeah, but even now, like even if I'm still on the game, like I was playing War Zone last week and I hit a shot like you know how you can like mantle on the zip and go up. I man on the zip and someone was sniping and I let go of the zip, scoped on my HR, tagged him, broke his place, got back on the zip, pulled the bullet back, got off the zip again, and then I killed him while like going like while in the air. Yeah. Yeah. And I started I was like, "Oh, fuck." Like I started screaming like it was a trick shot from back in uh like from a decade ago. And the real you came out, dude. The young boy. There's nothing like it for me. Same dopamine hit, bro. When you hit, you see the plus. Even like a melee combo, like it feels good, but you're like, I just straight worked for that. It was all skill. There was no luck. A trick shot like the luck factor. It's hitting at the casino. It is like it is like a crack cocaine feeling where you're like, I've wanted that to happen for so long and I've tried so many times and it it's like such a crazy feeling. It really is. I feel like it's diluted nowadays, too, cuz it's like just it's just like I don't know what it is. It just like doesn't hit the same. Even when I see a montage now, I'm kind of just like, "Yeah, these clips are crazier than like anything I've ever done." But I'm just like I don't know. Something about it I'm just like I just don't care anymore. Yeah, same. I feel like But if I go back and watch an old clip, I'm like, "That's crazy." Yeah. 100%. I don't know what it is. Boomer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Couple of songs on your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rocking chairs. Uh well, that's it for us, man. We're well over, but but thank you for coming on. Yeah, of course. Thank you for having me. This is a vibe set. We got to sit here and talk about trickshotting for like at least half of this. I'm going to look at the graph of the viewership on this episode and it's going to it's going to go right in the middle. You're you're riding a a generational wave right now. So, yeah. All right. You're pretty awesome. Damn. Uh well, thank you all for watching. Tune in to the Primo uh where we're going to watch the clip a couple more times. pretty much watch it for an hour. Let's just watch it one more time. One more time. Just to send this off. So the the slight adjustment at the end, you know, if I hit the bomb, it would have Damn, where did you go? Not Are you up? Are you on your Oh, no. I I Yeah. Go back. Let's go one more time. Let's just see me immediately stand up and I'm outie. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him. I'm out. Not on me, bro. The empty camera is so funny. Damn, you lost to a chair, bro. But on that note, thank you for watching. Goodbye. Take care, y'all. Dude, he had he had four abs. No, he didn't have the bottom row yet. It was all tummy. He was flexing as hard as he I can't flex and show abs. He's not vascular. Can you flex and show abs? Yes. Show me. You can't. I just don't believe you. Wait, maybe I'll be wrong here, brother. What the hell are you on? There's a line. No, there's a lie. There is a lie. There's a lie. He said, "What? There's a line. Yeah, there's one line. It's horizontal. Welcome to the class.