 2001 was so sick, man. Yeah, there were some low lightss. Yeah, there was Master of Disguise. Yeah, Dude, Bloodwig, dude, are you in the coup making it stink? Hey, man. No photos right now. Seriously. Seriously, I can give you a kiss, but no photos. I can give you no photos, man. Right now. Seriously, guys. Seriously, guys. I got to get out of here. Uh, and we're we're in the coup making it stink. That's what I've been saying. All Uber. All Uber, all walk. Yeah, it's already pretty stinky sometimes. Trust me, we've been working hard. We is a big word cuz he's been talking and I'm usually the guy that wants to do things such as Mike drivers trying to have a nice night. He's trying to be quiet, but I'm saying we're in the coup making it stink in here. We're sinking up. Not good. Let's go. And then you showed up and you look like that. Okay. Which is crazy. In front of our guest, in front of our friend. How about we say hello to our guests instead of talking about how the coup stinks. Hello, Northern Lion. Before you got here, I'm trying to absolve you a little bit. Okay. I've been here for a long time. So, I think Mike made it stink. I think Mike added a bit of sink to the coup after winning. Mike Yeah, he made it stink like carne asada. Is this anything? Yeah. Anyway, I showed up or he showed up. He starts walking around this. We're in this apartment that we're not allowed to be filming in. And this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] walks on his toes, boys. He is a bald 35year-old sixman. 36. 36-y old man who walks on his toes. But he's your hero. So now what? You're just Canadian autistic slime. Yes, I think so. Wow. Autistic. Well, toe thing. Canadian slime. That's a misconception. I've done the Raz. I'm not Canadian. Raz has said I'm not Canadian. No, you did. You were telling us you didn't. You got extremely low score, right? Yeah. I don't get messed up by like we like 10 times to get the lowest score possible. Yeah. Are we sure the test works? Because they both got really low. We got really low scores. Look, I got really high and I'm thinking maybe the test is backwards. Like maybe it's a golf guy who spent literally 70 hours last week coding a Call of Duty 4 mod. Yeah. And potentially putting malware in the PC of our companyware. Our friend professional professional Super Smash Bros. melee player got hacked and was doing a crypto scam uh because he was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coding. Well, we don't know if that's the reason. We don't The PT is used by a lot of people in the office. It's like our guest computer and I was downloading uh you know a lot of different programs from 2011 from forums that made by 13-year-olds that had media fire links. So, the the jury is still out. It could it could be anything. Could be anything. Do you have what we call a piggy PC at your house? Uh it's for when the piggies come to use it. That's what he was using. I think I use the piggy PC. Like my wife has like the RGB lights and the gamer case and stuff like that and I just use like whatever I got. Yeah. The slop duct tape machine. Can I Can I Do your neighbors know you're streaming? I think that they know that I do something weird at least cuz like the office that I'm in is a window just above eye level. Every couple of months they'll walk by doing some gardening and like peek in through the window and I'm just like like the veins are popping out of my forehead and I'm yelling at him nothing. There's a there's a joker on the screen and you're going I am made of fit. I do feel like I'm lead leading like a double life though. It's like as soon as I see them like on the weekends it's like very domestic, very suburban. You're not I feel you're not trying to bring it up in my mind. No, I mean I don't want to brag. Well, brag. It's embarrassing. No. Oh, yes. Exactly. A little. Yeah, I see. So, what do you say? Uh they don't ask me about work. So I maybe I'm living in like a neighborhood where he works in the mafia or something like that. So don't ask don't tell. Don't don't ask questions neighborhood. I've been in that neighborhood. I know it is like that low key. What do you tell an Uber driver? Uh I go no conversation preferred on the app. Wow. Wow. You beat it out. Wow. I think I'm like a trader to the cause. Yeah. I had a social breakdown almost earlier because I had to call a guy to get in cuz I didn't have the key fob and I didn't want to do that. It wasn't a breakdown, but I was just sitting outside of this building and I'm like like looking at the security guard inside going, "Let me in." Well, people would come in and out and I'd be kind of like And then they'd be like, "Well, what if they say no?" And then I have to deal with that. Wait, so people were coming in and out. You were too nervous to ask those people to hold the door open. Yeah. Because you're not allowed to be in here. They won't open it for you. Really? Yeah. It's like they get Imagine the guy who opens it and I try to get in. He's like, you know, and he's like, "Yeah, I put my D on you." And I don't want to do that anyway. It's there's there's not an option for that from my situation. So, it is okay. Can I I'm gonna tell you so this is one story you've heard of this man. Let me tell you another story. Just a couple days ago, we're at a coffee shop. Okay. And you you're hearing all the social anxieties riddled with yesterday. Yeah. We're at a coffee shop yesterday and the guy uh at the counter recognized me. He goes, "Are you Lwig?" And I go, "Yeah, I am Lewig. I forgot." And then Slime hearing this like seven people in the store goes, "Oh, you like Lewig? Watch this." turns, punches me in my stomach hard and the guy just doesn't acknowledge that it happened. He just looks past it and goes, "Can I have a photo?" And and this is the man who's sitting here being like, "Yeah, I couldn't ask him to open the door for me. I couldn't dare do that. Would be too much difference. How?" Well, for one, you doubled over, which was really funny. And look what happened. I didn't do that. No, you did this. The weight was you. Just the whole stomach. Yeah, the whole It's actually looks like It looks like bread. It's just a large stomach is what you did. Yeah. I punched him in the stomach and he goes, which is really funny. You're such an You're an object to them. You get punched and they're like, I want a photo now. It was crazy. Ask for a photo. I just think he Look, to be fair, I think if anyone got punched, he'd probably have the same reaction, which is, okay, so what was the order again? It would have been crazy if you punched him, though. That guy would have told I want you to hit me as hard as I can as hard as you can. Are you in a fist fight? I was saying it'd be crazy if the fan got involved. Like if he was like, "Watch this." And you punched him and then the fan took a shot. Yeah, that'd be our new best friend. Punch me. He gets punched. Oh, I thought he's going to come in and be like, "Leave him alone." No, no, no, no. Lewig doesn't need this. Beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Lwig experience. Yeah, I did that. Yeah, so what? I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bum. So what? Eight Mile. I think I just think that me and our new friend Northern Lion are exactly the same. Do you prefer Ryan in person in the real world? Uh, or do you prefer for people to look at you and go Northern Lion? It's awkward because I've never actually revealed my name, so you kind of just screwed me real bad right there. Brian, no, I don't really care. It's weird when people I know in real life call me Northern Lion. Yeah, but I think it would be weird if someone I just met through streaming called me Ryan. That's how I felt outside when I greeted you because to to be honest, I didn't I didn't know your first name until right now. Yeah. Well, I guess you didn't. I I didn't have the dilemma, but I was like, is this awkward? Like, I'm I'm going outside. I'm meeting a grown man and saying like, "Hello, nice to meet you, Northern Lion." Like, I have a theory about this. I think it's it's it's more about the syllables because there's nothing wrong with calling him slime. We all think that's fine. And I think people naturally go slime. It's not a person's name. Why does it feel so good? What if I came out and I was like, "What up, lion?" I I would have to match your energy. We would be in a different spot right now. You be like bisexual guy and weird jeans and maybe the worst dap of all time. Just immediately clocked. I think you're on to something cuz I think people run with the NL. That's true. Yeah. Referentially when you're in the room. Yeah. NL's okay. Kind of a little weird cuz it's like someone's initials. Yeah. They're calling you LA. Oh, that's kind of good. Like the initials of like a fake guy. Yeah. It's the weirdest part. Do you think that Lwig is like devoid of like a soul? Well, I just met him. It doesn't take long. What you've known of him and he shows up looking like bucking this. Do you think when he says State Farm, he means it? Well, you're putting me on the spot. So, I want to give you a little background. I've never seen the the podcast before. So, I thought I'd do some research on Reddit and if I go to your subreddit and it's just 6'2, 185. That was a weird time to chill out body fat. Like we started building the army last week. We asked for like the best in every category. So people are just like posting all their best stats. So there's just tall people coming in like yo I'm tall as hell and then really rich people coming in being like I'm ripped as hell. Some guys like I got 40 on the chimp test. And I was like well that's a lie. That's amazing. But yeah it's very yes you count. Get in. We we like to call the podcast the podcast of champions because we often find ourselves getting messages from like professional gamers, sometimes athletes, like oh big fan of the show, right? This happened. When does this happen? The uh the Olympic qualifying uh speed climber for the USA is a a fan of the art podcast. Oh, you think that's funny? This happened. This doesn't happen. You know what I mean? Oh, okay. You want to go deeper in the bag. It's Yeah, you want to go deeper in the bag. SPM. She gets pretty high placing athletes. This is like this is like I had sex in college and I'm like yeah I have sex. Yeah, I had sex. Now you're you're trying to big dick everybody here cuz Coco goth is a lot of not a yard viewer. Come on. She could be she could love our comedic stylings. When the camera keeps going, she goes, "Yeah, yard podcast. They have, you know, the gay one, which is like take or leave it, but the the bald one. Let's play The Binding of Isaac." So, so you haven't watched our show? No, not at all. Cuz it's funny cuz people will send me stuff from your stream and it's like this is like exactly what you guys said, you know, yesterday in the future. We've heard through the grapevine that there's been episodes of our show that come out and it's very soon after on your stream, you say similar things. You know what it is? I bet it's like the human centipede of like content regurgitation, right? Like you guys come up with it. Taste makers. Taste makers. Exactly. People in my audience are like second in line, right? Then they type it in chat and I steal it. Okay. Okay. This could make sense. But I I think that doesn't give you enough credit cuz like where Okay. Honestly, where would you put yourself in that poop tube? Yeah. What part of the centipede do you want to be in? I think I'd rather be at the front if we were in if it was just me and you. Still rather be at the front. Baby, there's no middle. Where do we want to be? the human oraoros. It's Do you think it matters? Like if you were in the human centipede, you think it matters if you're like fourth or like 90th? I think so. Would you rather be solid? It's better to be like in the 80s than number four. That's what I'm saying. You want to be one or like 97? I'm getting like a Lacroy uh level taste of what the guy ate. I'm like, "Okay, there's probably there's corn." One is once I'm 90, I'm like, "Oh, bile again." One is one is definitely the best undoubtedly number I think number two is the worst. Okay. Like okay like imagine you're not moving up 90 to four. It's just not happening. What could happen is you go 90 to 89 to 88 and are you really down to get sewn and resone on every time for the same reason that 90 to four is not happening is why you want to be four. That's the front of the snow piercer train. There is better food up there. You probably get more sunlight up there. Closer to the TV. Yeah. Closer to the TV. Is it a sports center playing on the wall? Just see the bag being like clip. It's not about social mobility cuz I think once you're there, you're stuck, right? Like no one's undoing the maybe if someone dies. No, they 100%. Stampede is classically a cast system. You're just you're locked there. Someone dies on 26. They're like, do we have two groups of two for 26? And it's like maybe a lottery. Do do young men in love 69 with their butts? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Are you Yeah, please. I've never thought about this. I think they just do it. I'm not equipped to answer the same way. You think so? Why would they Why would they do it with their butt? Because the butt is the hole. So, when you're doing a 69 When you're doing a 69 with a woman. Yes. Yeah. It the butt is confusing. There's a man. They only do it the butt way. So, a little bit of context. You never listen. He's only ever done missionary. He's only ever researched. He actually found out there's other positions last year. I just like that be the best. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jail me. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put me in woke prison then cuz missionary is the best. Is missionary in the Kama Sutra. Did they even bother? Page one, right? Page one. It's like prologue. There are many positions we did not include but would love to give honorable mentions to. Uh that's what I always get put on trial here and it's not fair. And you probably get the same thing cuz we're exactly the same. Cuz I'm married. Yeah. Yeah. He actually treats he treats you different though cuz like um Slime doesn't know a lot about YouTubers or Twitch streamers, but he's very willing to threaten the life or wish death upon uh all of them. You know, not true. You've never seen a Mr. Beast video, correct? Uh I've seen a couple, but like not by choice. You saw an old clip where you said, "I've never seen a Mr. Beast video." So maybe since then you've seen I lie a lot. Oh, okay. Sure. It's fun. It's fun to lying. Awesome. I'm having a good time. But I want to say he always uh which is death, but upon you, he tal he talked about you good and and you put him in a different bucket of slop in this world. Well, okay. I mean, there's a couple things going on. One, I think we just have similar sense of humor, but also it's like he's it's the BJ scene. Say what it is. I talked about this literally. I talked about this before you got here. The swordfish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scene in the movie Swordfish with John Travolta and Hugh Jackman. It's funny cuz like I bring this up as like you should just know this to my friends, right? But a lot of my friends are younger than me. Like he acts like this is a cultural touch song. I think if you were born in like 1987 and 1990, it was kind of you remember where you were. It was like it was like your guys' 911. Yeah. They also had 11. They also had that. That was like the sequel. But it Yeah. I I find myself often kind of I I was saying like on a media island. Not that I'm like a huge movie head, but it's like when Swordfish came out and I was like 11 or whatever. It was just what everyone watched and it was on TV and then everyone just kind of gets that, but now it's different and I miss that. Also, I don't watch your stuff uh like raw. I get sent like clips. And also, Librarian does a lot of work. Obviously, the be the best publicist of all time. Um, and so that's how I like intake Northern Lion, you know. Do you worry the librarian has a missile that is ready to launch and hit your home? Uh, no. But that would be bad if it were to happen. I wouldn't like it. If it happened, I wouldn't like it. Have you met the librarian? No. Uh, I think I'm just very lucky. Like, we're two independent entities, both just doing what we do. It's crazy to call you guys independent. I stay out of his lane and their name is Library. You're very The lads are very close. Very close lads. Parallel though. The librarian walking into their editing bay like flicking a bag of your blood and being like, "Yeah, okay. Yeah, we're just separate entities." Me and Ry real name Davis Clark. Did you ever just pass out and wake up somewhere? That's been known to happen, but I'm getting up there. But you were talking about the swordfish scene. Yeah. Basically, I was I tried to use it as like it's just like that scene and then it's like this language that I feel like I no one else speaks in the room and then you have to explain it and then that sucks. But uh you have also talked about that scene in the same way of like just using it as a reference and that makes me feel comfortable cuz that's what happens when you're raised blowy when you're raised on media. It's not just that. use it as it's a metaphor for any high pressure situation cuz Hugh Jackman has been taken at he's probably explained it before I imagine revisit we I watched it but it was four years ago and you're a child so I watch it I should this is what I have and it's called a TV and yeah and then Hugh Jackman says chicken jacket and he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] busts out yeah Hugh Jackman is getting uh he's he's he's has to hack a computer government in one minute. It's the Department of Defense, brother. Yes, it is. It's a federal website. And he says, you know, I can't touch that to the not to the website, to the keyboard. He's so dangerous when he touches the keys. He's electrical, dude. When he's golfing on top of the RV in the desert. I was like, I want to live like that. Halle B's like, you you you missed your shot. And he's like, yeah, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up my chi. And I'm like, that's so cool. That's so cool. 2001 was so sick. It was different, man. Yeah, there were some low lights. Yeah, there was master of disguise, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the turtle [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. Go back to the piano. You're You're known for knowing stuff. Yeah. What is that? Do you have to like keep up? What is that all about? I think um I had like a lot of internet access during the years where my brain was still developing. Yeah. So, I would just like surf the web, be like, "What's coming out this weekend? Rotten Tomatoes.com said I would surf the web. He surfed. You weren't there. I wasn't. I was in elementary school. We did a play, a musical play about the internet. And I know it sucked. And one of the choreograph virus that our we didn't have virus. It was more a positive thing. But like Mr. Gibson, my PA teacher, he had he Mr. Gibson, I'm born now. Little Jimmy does the best. We had to literally surf the web holding mice in invisible mice in front of our hands and that was the choreography and that was and then next year it was Carmen San Diego and that's the kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that just like like I hit the tail end of and you didn't have to do that. You know what I'm saying? Well, I would have made a much better play about the internet. You didn't I didn't make the plays the government. There'd be porn in everything. I should be the huge admin.com browsing Wikipedia. The teachers put on Swordfish the musical. Do you did you pick that up when you walked in? Um I was in my underwear. So when I when I saw the luggage that you were bringing? Yeah. Can you please show us your luggage? Your luggage? Yeah. Fine. You're not going to believe this. I think there's something magical about how he flies. He insists to fly first class. It's not like a He insists and Okay. Okay. There's a few details I want to point out. Can we get a scent check? Uh did you did you get a scented bag? No, it's unscented. The scented ones are worse for sure. Unscented bag. Probably less expensive when you open up the uh the cabin. It's like Yeah. So, what's happening down here? Uh I got chores. This is my the MacBook Slime got me actually. It's poking out. Yeah. So, you chose to bottom pack that. Can you give me some insight into Oh, no. It leaves a good base. Uh there's no bottom packing with the trash bag. There absolutely is. Look where you're holding it from. You just kind of jumble it in and it all I put the clothes in first to be clear. It just mixes. Oh, is that the beauty of the trash? Just kind of falls to where it needs to be. Jeans. Jean. I I just want to pull something random. Yeah, I got some fun stuff in there. So, he So, Northern Lion comes into this apartment. It's the almost the top story of a Vancouver high-rise. I'm in my underwear because my jeans got wet. They're still wet. Uh Aiden as Did you walk into this? I walked into this. Jesus. He was greeted by Aiden wearing those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pants. And then Nick is attaching a bed. We cut a bed sheet and had to put it as a bounce. We we we uh we cut a hole in the in the Airbnb's bed sheet. And then I'm the guy who says, "Sorry, I'm late with the trash bag." I think you guys are welldressed. And I'm just happy you're here. The trash bag is crazy though. Don't you like freak out when they hit the gas on the airplane and all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goes to the back of the overhead bin? No, I was going to like shatter or something. It's one of the beautiful things about the trash bag is it's it's going to stay inside. Like I I give it a little tie. Yeah, but there's like no cushion or or or zipper. You don't need all that. You don't need all that. I guess if you're always clutching it, they comes in with built-in tie. Also, not a beautiful thing about a trash bag. This is a beautiful thing about luggage. Maybe the thing about luggage is all I could not have used the luggage coming here cuz I had my motorcycle helmet in that and you can't get a suitcase if it's a motorcycle helmet. How did you carry it on the bike? That's honestly No, you did not. That's honestly a good point. And and I'm like this. He honestly just made a good point that he can't fit the helmet in the luggage. What are you going to do? I can't fit the helmet in the luggage. You could strap it to the luggage. Just hold the helmet. That's That's less convenient than a bag. Uh look, my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is awesome. And you guys are jealous. The only bad thing about it is when exiting the airport, I got some judgmental questions from CBS. You got shaken. CBSA. CBSA. What does that stand for? It's the Canadian Bureau of Stopping Terrorism. Terrorism is what they call terrorism. That's good. They're clever here. Uh they are smart. Uh yeah, they they stop I mean they go uh it's in the trash bag and I was like it's all my stuff. He's like that's a weird choice. I was like, "Yeah, I also got grilled in the airport, which I wanted to talk about because we were going through t the the lines are very gray about whether or not we're here working and cuz you can't just come and you think they're gray." They're very They're very black and white. We are along. So, and I didn't know this in case this ends up in evidence somewhere. I didn't know this until I got Yeah, we abducted this man. He was getting up. There was a part of me that thought I'm just going to this random apartment that somebody sent me on. The directions were sketchy and you're like, cool. Glad you guys are here. I was like, I'm going to walk in here and it's like, I'm never going to be seen again. And it is a man in his underwear who could be ready to harvest a liver. Yeah. Uh, I sent you my W9. So, you can pay me whenever. You sent me a picture of a dog wearing glasses. Yeah. Yeah. It's my W9. Okay. It's a little bit of a after Doge. It's like a cicada a cicada puzzle. You have to find it in the metadata. Well, okay. So, I'm in the airport and uh they So, this guy goes through and he's like, "Yeah, you're clear. You're Yeah, great." He goes through. He's like, "Bald, sure, fine. We're fine with that." I go up to the guy and he goes, "Uh, so why are you here?" And I'm like, "Oh, I'm just visiting a friend." And that was my crucial mistake is I said visiting a friend, not said here with friends. This was my crucial mistake. He goes, "Who's your friend?" And now I'm like, "Well, I don't know if I want to say I would. You wouldn't know him. I don't know if I want to say like, yeah, that's actually in circles. You don't hang out with That's That's I've been out class actually. You want that? No, not a screenshot of the high-rise. You wouldn't know. Sure you wouldn't. Uh I didn't want to say like like a like northern lion like a streamer cuz it's just a big if in my head in the moment again I'm not thinking my clearest mind. I'm being pressured. I'm like I'm like uh I'm like oh it's just a online friend. And he goes, "Oh, you met them online. Where online did you meet them?" And at this point his tone is like very like like he's trying to grill me. He's not being nice. And I'm like, uh, I met him on, I'm like, do you know the website Twitch? And he's like, I know Twitch. How do you meet someone on Twitch? You, it's not really a website you meet people. And I was like, I was just in his chat and he's like, you met in his chat? And I'm like, yeah. He's like, that's weird. I feel like people don't usually meet in chat. I'm like, oh no, it's popular. Happens all the time. We met, you know, Discord after. So, he's like, how many times have you met him in person? I'm like, first time, actually. It's kind of a big deal. I was I literally I went, "First time, actually." He's like, "Oh, first time." And I'm so deep. These are all quick time events. Yeah, I'm failing every time you're taking Grace is that I'm not taking any time to think. And so I'm like, "Uh, yeah, no, my first time meeting him actually." And he goes, "First time? Wow." Uh, uh, he's like, "Uh, so how what does he stream on Twitch?" And I was like, "Pokemon." And he's like, "Pokemon? What's his name on Twitch?" And I the first thing I thought of was, "Oh, uh, Twisty." And uh I'm like he's like so he literally said he goes Twisty. And I'm like yeah Twisty. Uh and he's like huh like he starts looking through my passport like there's info in there that he hasn't already seen the picture of Twisty. It's a stick drawing of you guys. Uh and and he's like so so and he goes back he goes so Twisty's the chatter or you're the chatter? And I'm like I was the chatter. He goes oh he's the streamer. And I'm like Twisty's the streamer. And he's like right. He's I I think he's 100% aware I'm lying honestly. Uh, really? It started in a fun time, but I'm just I'm just answering so quickly. Uh, yeah. So, uh, I can't remember where I went from there. But he he asked me a few more questions and then he's like, uh, he's like, "So, you've never been here before. It's your first time." Yeah. He's like, "Okay." And he hands me back the passport and I and I make it through. Yeah. And he's like, "Be careful." This twisty guy sounds a little weird. This guy is not real. So, although he faked his nuzlocke, so I know this. The same thing happened to me. And I think it's a I think it's a good protocol cuz I think the protocol is basically if someone has met someone online and they're coming here, vet it. Yeah. Because you could meet someone online and it's like, "Yeah, I'm supposed to marry this person I met online person." Yeah. Being traffic or whatever. Cuz I I did the same thing. I went through they said, "What are you here for?" I said, "I'm just visiting friends." Which I I don't know why. I think I should not have lied. Yeah. I'm I'm now realizing that. You default lied. I default lied. Yeah. He was like, "What are you doing?" I was like visiting friends. That's fine. Yeah. Oh, you are? Yeah. I went through and I said visiting friends and then they go where'd you meet? I went online and then I could tell the tone switch. He went, "Ooh." And then I go and I but I I stopped it cuz I go, "Ah, we met before." And then he was like, "Oh, okay. That's great." And then he threw. I like that. And I lied cuz I never met you a damn day in my life. That's true. But I shaved my head bald and I feel like I made it closer. Yeah. He asked me how many viewers Twisty had. I said five. That's funny to ask how many viewers. So the dog to twist and then he goes and then he goes about five people small stream and I'm like early adopter 50k 50k you just noticed me my chats were really funny I'm meeting Kaisenette in Vancouver I I can feel myself inside the YouTube video right now and and they're saying uh they're saying let let Northern Lion talk so uh figure time to bring you back in gay son thought daughter uh I' I've had the question many times in chat did you You guys invent this? Is this one that I stole from you? Yeah. Yeah, this one. You wouldn't believe it, but we thought this up. Was us. Did when he shaved his head, did it uh Did you feel a spiritual connection or is he laring? He started talking about stuff that I thought was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] real. He was saying stuff like, "It's harder to be bald than it is to have hair." And I was like, "Nobody else is saying when we say it, they don't believe it. They don't They don't listen, bro. They don't listen." And you know what you're also right about is uh balding is worse than being bald. 100%. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's also Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chime in. Oh, it's just terrible. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chime in. Finally, we're the cool kids. I'm nauseous. You got enough hair for the room. Okay. You're beating all of us. All right. Let me ask your tech. Is it I use uh Gillette Fusion 5. Uh the five blade razor. The good ass one, right? What do you do? Uh just an electric trimmer. No way. sloppy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I just don't have a lot of hair, I think, is what it comes down to. I used to use the the one that was like a race car. The race car sucks. The head blade. Yeah. I didn't like that one, but it was fun to use. It was also expensive. You're shaving your head with race cars. It had wheels. No, this is an adult toy. That is an adult toy. This is a toy for adults. Uh yeah, it's When did you start losing it? Uh I remember like the first day I moved into my dorm in university. So, I'm meeting my roommate for the first time. Flashback of long grease on you. See swordfish. I just saw swordfish far out. [Laughter] I wish. He was he was putting up I I swear this is true. He was putting up a poster of Harry Potter and the Philosophers. Oh my god. This is like September 2006 and I was like, "Oh, that's all philosophers." Philosophers, Philosopher Zone. And uh so I knew his name cuz we like emailed on the university website or whatever. And I was like, "Hey, I'm Ryan." And he was like, "Hey, you're losing your hair." No way. Real deep. And I was like, "No, I just like it's always been thin." And I always I was like born with a widow's peak. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, and then like a year, so I was 17 at that time and I shaved it off at like 19. Damn, that's early. You deny her for a little bit and then you catch yourself in like a shop window or something when on a windy day and you're like maybe there's something blows up. Yeah. And then you're like, did you become lifelong friends with that roommate after? Uh, we lived together for a while. He's an interesting guy for sure. Um, how did he how did he turn out? Uh, really well. Not bald. not bald. He's got a lot of Well, actually, no. I think he's I think he actually is bald now that I think about it. You should send him a text. I don't have his number. Unfort He's a nice guy. If he's watching this, it's been a while and you're balding. Do you get people reaching out from like your youth and stuff being like, "Damn, I saw you saying something funny in a coin dozer uh amusement park simulator clip." I did. I It's a It's a weird bit, but I had someone in my chat that was typing like all caps. I was like, we sat next to each other in the eighth grade. I was in your class in the eighth grade. This went on for like a couple days and then I didn't hear from them for a while. So, I went and I slash user their username so I can see everything they've ever written. And uh there was like a hundred messages of that and then like five messages where they were just starting to type jokes. And I was like, they've been perfectly assimilated chat environment. Yeah. I didn't know you. I didn't know you. Yeah, just terraforming the characters. There is nowhere to go from that. So I sat next to the earth character was like hell yeah. Cool. Mrs. Rubistan didn't ignore it. I got uh I I told this story on the pod before, but I got 911 spoiled for me u by a a person by the Taliban. No, no, it was by Lauren. Her name was Lauren in class. Basically, we all got shuffled into home room and Mr. Donahghue. He's He's It's It's like this very grave atmosphere. We don't know what's going on cuz we don't have like phones and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And he's like and he's about to speak and Lauren raises her hand and she was actually a grade uh ahead. So she was a year younger than everyone. And she said, "Mr. Donahghue, did terrorists attack the World Trade Center?" And Mr. Donahghue, his moment, his great moment to at this historic, he's like, "Yes." And the crazy thing is Lauren's been asking that every day for like months. It's just the first time it hit. It's like one of those accounts like is the Minecraft movie out yet? Finally. Yes. So, what was your uh was like for you? Well, I'm in Canada. So, so you were sleeping. We were we were like out at recess and I remember we lined up to go back into the school and the teacher started talking and it was like something was not right and then they had a Mr. Donahghue moment where someone with actual like authority was able to break the news to us a little bit more appropriately. Yeah. Without stealing the spotlight. Did the girl in your class do it with a phone? Is that how she found out? I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. They didn't have phone back then. Come on. 2001. Oh my god. I was I just didn't even think about it. I was just thinking about him cuz how would she know as a student? Well, are you talking about Lauren uh Bin Laden? I actually reached out to her on Facebook like years ago after we did this and I told that story and I asked her if she remembered and she's like I do not remember but that is funny and she's she's like an engineer now. So go interesting engineer. Wow. Uh yeah. Does school even get closed out for that for Canadians? Not here. No. We wrote out the day and then like I couldn't sleep that night cuz I was like worried that the Taliban was going to crash like an airplane into my house. Yeah. They didn't even do it. They didn't Well, is it that kind of show? Wait, let's go back to the 80s. Uh, dude, just a couple of Canadian. I was four, so I wasn't even in school. And I I remember seeing it on the TV and like my parents talking about it, but I didn't. It didn't really register. You were just like looking at a CRT TV with like two buildings burning on it. Yeah. I remember like yesterday I had [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in my pants and I was drooling all over myself. Dude, watching two Canadians talk to each other. It's like it's it's just two dogs in the park that No, that Noah. No, this is like my country that you're that you're in and you're insulting us. I'm not insulting. Dogs are beautiful and dogs. You people are like dogs if that makes sense. You guys started talking about different provinces and etc. Why do you say it like that? That's how they say I'm We gave each other downstairs. The classic Canadian ingredient. I see you're from Ontario originally. Yeah, this is a I this is a normal thing. It happens for Americans, too. Like a New Englander, you'll be like, "I'm from New Hampshire." You'll be like, "I'm from Connecticut." And then you'll find the one place you've both been to. And then you'll be like, "Ah, yeah." And then it ends. So it's like it's just a ramp up to hopefully another conversation, a gateway, if you will. Do you think you could be best friends with that man? I don't see why not. That's a good answer. Do you really not see why not? Cuz I feel like you you guys are roasting his pants. I think they're pretty good. They are pretty good. I think you're cool. Thank you. Picked him up myself. Who is your best friend in the whole world? My wife. Okay. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh. Oh, interesting. You can't have You can't have two best friends. My daughter's not going to watch this, but my wife might watch this. Yeah. I just know my wife longer. Be honest. You said you took her to Minecraft. It's funny cuz I I when I saw Minecraft, I saw it in a very like a bougie like luxury theater that it's very quiet. It's mostly adults. So when Chicken Jockey happened, it was just Ah, that's funny. They snapped. But for you, it was a mad house, you said. Oh, it was crazy. But they snapped was really good. I like that. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. They freaked out with you. Um, yeah. It wasn't quite like popcorn, garbage bags, and stuff like that. But it was like it was loud. Dude, the reports I'm getting of a friend of a friend and she she called uh and told me about her experience at the movie because she just knows we do the podcast and her showing was so rowdy in the first 15 minutes that they shut down the movie like they didn't get to watch it. Before Chicken Jockey happened before Chicken Jockey even got to they% has been labed to the smallest amount of time possible. You really you really go in it's just like gun it's like all right yeah 0.1 you ended the Minecraft movie. It was like a group. There's like a group of uh 40 like teenage boys that came in and they're like walking around the theater. They're being rowdy and then a couple of them started ripping the nword so they just shut the whole town. The Minecraft [Laughter] damn that you know what that's evil. We were talking about um like movie experiences cuz it's hard to go obviously if you have a kid and also people just don't like going. I remember I was I saw when Star Wars came out again, the uh the Force Awakens, right? And it got I saw it like two weeks after it came out. Uh and I'm I'm going on there on date and there's like five people in the theater and the credit scroll in the beginning starts rolling and there's one guy behind us. Woo! Like and like no one cares, but like we've done this already. What do you And then he's like there's like a pause. He's like waited waited my whole life for this and it was insane. That's how Lwig is. Yes, that is true. Don't go to the bathroom. You're like the guy who tries to make a joke in the trailers so that everyone in the audience knows you're like, dude, trailer played at Sinners and he he leans over and loud whispers to me. He goes, "Yeah, we should see that. Looks good. We should see that." Yeah. I I like acting like an annoying prick in the theater. And after every trailer, I go, "No." And he has a laugh he only uses in movies. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate it. We we saw we saw sinners and like one of the characters falls from a balcony. He goes we saw A Quiet Place years ago and he something happened. It's not a funny movie. It's the worst, bro. I laugh I laugh when I think things are funny. Is that an unhuman behavior? Oh man. I saw Jojo Rabbit in the movie theater that's just behind us with the the clock on the ceiling that I did not see. And the dude behind us, I swear to God, 15 minutes left in the movie, just started beating off. No. At Jojo R. Jojo. Dude, what? That movie has Hitler and a kid. It's probably when Hitler's on the screen, dude. That's crazy. What did What happened? We just waited till the end and then left. You just got to ride it out. Yeah. and turning around like instead of like in the beginning it shows the coke and like the little snacks walking just please silence your meat. It's like Sarah V. It's like a lotion you buy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from the took out PeeWee Herman. It didn't take him out. How he died low key kind of was maybe the beginning of the end. It was it certainly wasn't the start. Look, if a man they didn't give a deal after it. If Cherry the Chair comes from a man's mind, you know, he's probably beating off in a movie theater. Wasn't it like a porn theater? Wasn't it all on the level? That's the thing. Like, but you're not Fred Willard. Who's that? He's the He's older guy from Best in Show. He was uh Phil's dad on Modern Family. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But you're not supposed to beat off in him. Oh, I'm not supposed to beat off in the porn theater. Okay. What's next? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you supposed to beat off in the porn theater? No, you're not supposed to water park, I guess. Now either what else shouldn't we do? It's like when they tell you not to go in the hot tub if you have diarrhea. You're like I'm on vacation. Yeah. I'm going to go in the hot tub or on your period. Were you guys ever told that? Why did you Why did you context context context missing? We all just learned what that was. So we really were on the period. Yeah, we did whine about it. We learned about it. I talked them about female anatomy. The div.a cup goes crazy when you get that shot. Did you know what that was? You know about div.a that is crazy. I knew about Were you the only one who didn't know? Really? I did not know about a D.Va cup at all. You didn't know about D.Va cups before this week. No, no, no. As a point, not as a point of pride. I just didn't know that was like that. I've known so much about tampons, though. I want to say I put it on like a little hat. You did wear it like a hat. I wore it like a little hat. Like a birthday party. Like a new one. A new one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Your ones are vintage. They're hard to come by. Is it more square? Yeah. Yeah. We used to make them out of tungsten. I was trying to write a bill to get them back. Uh, so you're known for knowing stuff. Do you have to keep up on Noah's stuff? Is that like a pressure? I think I stopped like learning new stuff as quickly as it exits my brain. You were grinding movies though. No, but you I've been watching a lot of movies. You're up to date, man. Like you you'll pull out you'll you'll talk about like Faze Banks. Uh, I know a little bit about He was glazing net spend with a gap behind. This all happened. There's photo evidence. Yeah. Yeah. You say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 36y olds aren't supposed to say, right? It's in a way it's the charm. I feel like it's kind of interesting like I might be the only 36 year old. You know, I like when you're But that's obviously false because you're almost there. But yeah, 35 tomorrow. Oh, you're not as close as I thought. Never mind. I'm not going to age you before your time. Oh, please. I think like when you're like 25 or when I was 25, I didn't know anything about like 36 year olds. I knew my parents who were like in their 50s and then my friends who were all like 25. So I think I have like an obligation or responsibility for my chat to be like a cool 36-y old to be like, "Hey, you might have a blind spot for what people this age are like." So you're in a way like what they have to look for. This is what a 36-y old be like really when you hang out with one or or become one. Yeah. You could be like, "Have fun playing games, have a cool family, be normal, be funny." But there's still talk about how he glazed Natsman. Yeah. You can do it all. There's a line where you cross though and then you become brain rot 36y old. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know about Bean House? I I don't know. Are you Are you just at like the the children's birthday party look and then I'm like Suz's like the game last night and you're like you disgusting normie [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No. No. I'm like I I think that I kind of annoy like the other parents that are they have kids in my daughter's school cuz I'm like everybody that I know is a streamer and I don't want to ask them anything cuz I already know. But then they'll be like I work at the bank and I'm like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what's that like? It is like who else are you going to talk to about the bank? Yeah. And there's a there's a kind of a fun in that. You do get kind of insulated like Lwig's Lwig had a relationship with an older man from Taiwan. He did. And it was and it was sexually driven mostly. Beautiful. It's true. Beautiful name. No, it's not. It's a tonal language and but he he it was this old guy that Lovich just weirdly went on hikes with and we all made fun of him for it but truly we understood later on that he just wanted someone that was like out of the matrix of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right how is he doing I haven't talked to him since new year but he had a good year no no American one American one he's Taiwanese people that's a long time not just in China it's big celebrated it's more talking about the mainland position of you know but yeah but he is a sponsored thing right so safearmm thinks it's part of the mainland uh yeah I uh I met him I met him cuz I used to go to a park at sunset and stretch and then he would also do that cuz it's apparently an activity generally held for well I'm stretching you're stretching why don't we stretch each other out and L shows up in brand new Lululemons with the tag still on like yeah stretching that's what I usually I got my trash bag. He's told me about suitcases. Uh yeah. No, I'd go to f to him for Sage Wisdom. Uh and it's way more fun to talk to him for sure than a streamer cuz he lives such a different life. Yeah. So you stream you stream 4 hours, whatever it is you stream. You get offline. What time is it? 2. 2. Okay. It's 2:00 p.m. And then you What now? Walk me through it. I eat. I might record like a couple. You cooking at home? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My wife cooks. I cook. We order in now and then. You're eating a lot. Old diet. No, no vegan. No, you eat every day. I eat every day. You give me vegetarian vibe. No. Okay. No. Why? I don't know what it is. It's the baldness, you know. Definitely that. It's always some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's definitely a meat. He gives meat eater vibes. Yeah. Really? He used to be hella buff vibes. There was. Could you bench 225 at one point? Uh 225. My my bench was pretty bad. What were you squat like 400? That's insane. Oh my god. Insane. You talked. It's like a It's a cal buff from walking on your toes. Like you just can't you can't go as low to bend. Yeah. You can't go as low, but your calves get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] juicy. I always I don't know if you're the exact same, but like sometimes people will be like bend your knees. I can only bend them like I don't know like 5° or 10°. Wait, I can I Well, it hurt like this is excruciating. Yeah, but yeah, I can like straighten your leg. Yeah, because the calf muscle is stretching and it's usually contracted cuz you're on your toes. Do you not feel that? I feel it, but not like excruciating. I barely feel it. It's heavy. What are you talking about? You have high arches. So when you do this, straighten your leg and you feel it in your leg. Yeah. We're doing it for free. Go ahead. Take your socks off. I want I want you to dance. No. So you So you eat some food and it's now it's 3:30. Record a couple of like YouTube let's plays. Like it's still 2013. Yeah. Yeah. couple episodes. At what point do you watch a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] movie in the morning when he watched you play Cine Nerdle and I'm like, how are you doing that? This is not a joke, but I wake up at like 5 in the morning. Yeah. And I like go to the bathroom, get on the Pelaton, and I just watch a movie on the bike. Wow. And I'm off by like 7. And are you like are you going like let's dip into the archive. Let's watch. It's like an old thing I haven't seen that like some sort of like like cultural touchstone that I haven't touched yet. Or are you like Sinners just came out on Torrent and I'm going to get it and watch it? I don't I'm not techsavvy enough to get that working on my phone yet. You're watching on Pelon, right? Pelon. Well, it you're you're starting to pull on the the whole ball of wool. Jailbreaking Pelon. So, you're doing the class at the same time. Well, the Pelaton has I don't know like a 19inch screen or something like that, but they don't have like all the video streaming apps. No. So, I put on like a scenic ride and then I watch it on my phone propped up on like this little table. Rome behind it. But then some days you get like a Netflix movie, so it's a treat cuz you get big screen. Uh I you never go for just go straight on my phone. That's crazy. You at least got like a like a folding phone or I saw the green text that you sent me. I have an Android. Yeah, he's a cowboy. And I I'm watching all sorts of stuff where I'm like I shouldn't be watching this at like 5 in the morning. Like I watch Green Room on Saturday 5 a.m. 5:45 in the morning. The dude's getting sliced like straight up to belly. I watched uh like train spotting like a terrible 5 am first half was kind of like a laugh riot get sad right after that I was like this is not a good idea he's not supposed to be there you know I was think I was thinking this today in Reququum at the end the guy who just ends up in jail has the best deal out of everyone cuz Jared little loses an arm and Jennifer Connelly obviously has to go tipto tip like Michael Reeves and Lewig but he just is he's just in jail dealing with withdrawals I always got you not seen is awesome. It's exactly the same. It is what heartwarming. You're going to love it. I'll watch it with cutie. I should watch. Oh, you never seen That's evil. I've never seen I've only listened to song while grinding. Yeah, it's tough. Um do do you will you watch like stuff you've already seen? Yeah, sometimes. Cuz you get in that cycle of like I don't want to watch this. I don't want to watch this. You just want to find something like reliable. I often rewatch movies that I'm comfortable like falling asleep during or or I'm like I can walk away in the middle of this. That's fine. I I cuz I can't I will stay up till 5:00 a.m. if it means finishing the movie. I can't go to sleep during a movie if I haven't seen it. Yeah. No. No. No. I'm like I started it. I'm like I won't watch the rest of You're not finishing on the Pelaton though. Finishing the the movie. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You are? Yeah. Wait, you rip an entire movie and you pelon the whole time? Yeah. Yeah. It's two-hour film. You're the Irishman. I You're finishing the Irishman. I probably wouldn't finish the Irishman, but if it's like a 2-hour movie, I would do the 90 minutes and then like after my kid goes to school, I'll watch the 30 minutes before 90 on the Pelon. It's true. Yeah. Did it change your life? This is The Pelon has not always existed. Yeah, that's true. I used to be like a lot fatter. Do you have Pelaton friends? Like do you have people you We have like a a Northern Lion team. It's like Mango. It's like the same thing. As your therapist, you guys, I think we need to start the new year off right. No, I don't want to start it off right. I hate my throppple. Okay. You hate the throw bowl. You don't even provide anything. You do provide anything. All you do is spend my money. I It's my It's my money, guys. Guys, you You're so disorganized. We need to start prioritizing. Okay, look. How much money do you guys think that you spend in unwanted subscriptions? $400,000. Nothing a month. Zero. See, we've gone too far on both sides of the spectrum. And now you've made it hard for me, the therapist, to do the ad read. But it's actually a lot more than even that. You said it's actually 500,000, Lewig. Oh, cuz you spend it on subscriptions. Well, you spend it on you spend it on TV subscriptions, you know. Uh, and this is this is therapy. They teach you it in school. You can just download Rocket Money and it just solves all your problems. Well, that's great and all, but I can't keep track of what he's doing and cancel what he's doing. Okay. I just have one card. I'm one man. Yeah, but you can all have your own Rocket Money accounts and it'll tell you all your unwanted subscriptions. Will it tell me if they're cheating on me? Nope. Doesn't do that. I could do that though. I'm the therapist. Okay. Are they cheating on me? What if I pay him a subscription and not cheat on me? Yes. No. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, and it's not just you three. Over 74% of people have subscriptions that they didn't even know they had. Wow. And they got rid of them. I was also one of these people. I was I'm a therapist and I was subscribed to BetterHelp. No, I don't need that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm a therapist on God. Why don't you just do it for yourself? I just do it in the mirror. I got a mirror at Target. $5. Way cheaper than No, I didn't need that at all. I'm about to cancel these subscriptions like I'm going to cancel our marriage to each other. We can work this out. Rocket Money has over 5 million users, Aiden, and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions per person. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps. How many marriages has it saved? I wonder. Well, I'm hoping it saves one here today, boys. Are you down to sign up with me? Well, where do you sign up? Even though I'm the therapist and I should know. I would assume you go to rocketmoney.comtheyard, which is the name of your therapy site, and you use code the yard. So, you go to rocketmoney.com/theyard and you can cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money, and you can go to hell cuz I'm changing this throppple to a couple. Rocket money. It's like therapy for your money. I love you. Say it back now. Did you hit a stinky 90 kg? 90? Uh, I don't know what that is in. Here's one. The Are you The Canadian is asking the American to put it in pounds. Yeah. 200 lb. Yeah, I was probably like 220. Wow. Like right after my daughter was born. Like so I was I was bulking and like lifting heavy in 2019 and then CO happened so I stopped going to the gym and then we you know uh we had a kid. Well, you're a kid. It's it's called a protective bulk, right? Happens in nature. Yeah. Shield. Wait, is that a real thing? It's a shield bulk. Yeah. You feel like you could take a bear for in case you need to fight a gorilla. It's like a real thing in in the animal kingdom except for humans. I feel like it's a thing that humans say it happens to people cuz you know who's going to let like half a quesadilla go to waste when your kid decides they don't want it anymore. Yeah, you got to eat for back while we're back on the gorilla thing. Do you think that I was going to ask this earlier, does the human centipede, if there was a hundred of them, does it change the argument? There's 100 human centipedes. 100 people in a human centipede against the one gorilla like can we wrap them like a boa constrictor? I I guess those people are ready to die at any point anyway. so weak and feeble. What if what if if they win they get separated and then so they got to want it. Can you imagine them like going up on their high like the guys in in Dark Souls the needle bone bone guys? The guy in the front is the only guy who doesn't want to be there like Okay. No, no, no. I like this. I don't know why we're doing this. You think they're rising like a centipede? They're just falling back on each other. I don't know. Cuz him or me is on the bottom and our calves. You got a different type of dude on the bottom. If the guy at the bottom is strong enough and you can just start swinging the 99 around like it's Bowser. Uh yeah, it we we've all come to the same conclusion, right? That the gorilla would win. No, people are saying that we have endurance as humans and the gorilla would tire out. He had seven guys on his neck. Done. The hundred men would win. The gorilla would win. The hundred men. The problem is that this conversation the ink has already dried on the t-shirts and it's it's like it's going to be by the time this comes out we'll have solved it. Someone someone had positioned a new the new question last night which was 200 men versus a polar bear and then I said clear I mean polar bear it's 200 guys 200 guys like me guys we're sucking we're bad dude no tools that polar bear is going to polar bear wins. I'm saying they think the humans Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. Get me out here. Okay. Okay. You're going to lose a few guys. That's a given. So you got a few guys to the front distracting the polar bear. Yeah. And then like 20 guys straight into the side while it's distracted. Once it's over punching its ribs like blood would get a coffee shop. Exactly. If someone recognized you and then once it gives up its back it's over. No disrespect. Your punch doesn't even affect any. But I think the point still stands that a true feel. A couple true believers a couple true believers in the front. Couple guys like me in the back. You got your Tylers. They're all on the front line. They're getting absolutely You need your Kyle's up there. Kyle's up there as well. Smashing a monster energy. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, they're trying to take a bite out of the polar bear. They go first in the back. You got your Theos. Polar bear is exhausted by then. Yeah. What was that? It's one that car sounded like it was above us. Yeah. Do you have flying cars here? I was going to ask you your your viewership the like now it's just like way it's so big. Is that change things for you or you're just like I'm the same dude? I think it's exactly the same. I honestly think it's just like the librarian has taken these like rambling nonsequittors and processed them into like a more digestible form so that more people can actually like get exposed to it. And a certain percentage of them are like, "Wow, this actually isn't as annoying as I thought it would be. Maybe I'll give it a try." What are your haters like? I asked Lwig in what the other day I was like, "Do you think Northern Iron has haters?" And he's like on his phone, "Yes, of course he does." And I'm like, "Why? Why would they hate him? He's cool." Like they probably call him boring. I don't know. Yeah. Boring or like um he thinks he's better than other people. I give off like an air of smuggness or like superiority. Once you start knowing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people get mad. offended cuz like I don't I see it as like a character flaw that sometimes I use big words. I'm like it would be better to use a smaller word. I haven't seen it on the bike maybe I'll watch it. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. It's uh it's a slog. Don't do it on the bike. No, I'll tell you Mark twice. He eats it twice. That's an important plot line. You don't want a whole lot. Don't worry about it. Okay. Just it's like a human centipede thing kind of. Okay. Kind of. But I I was wonder because some I will get sent because when you mention me people will be like Northern Lions talking about slot and they want you know they want their dollies to kiss pretty much and but it's always flattering and it's it's funny but you talk about how my attitude towards I guess online culture which is a very extreme way to deal with it but it tends I I think that you tend to believe in my ethos but you muzzle yourself. Yeah. I mean, I would like to say I would like to have the courage to say some of the things you say in with the exact verbiage that you say them. So, you wish death on calling and Samir. Uh, the natural conclusion. I I wanted them to take a breathtaking para motor trip over they should devour feculants and perhaps die on the way out. You are truly turning 30 this year if that if that's your bit. I'm getting there. Well, one thing that comes up a lot is like when I'm arguing with someone in chat, I'll read everything they've ever written to get like a picture of their personality and maybe like their weaknesses and their vulnerabilities and stuff. They're never ready. You scan their body. Yeah. Exactly. And then they they tell you something like, "Oh, that's weird." They they like concern troll you. They're like, "Are you okay? That's not ah you you're sick. Like you must be insecure." It's like, "No, I'm just fascinated." Do you ever have a time where you remember vividly getting so owned by chat? Yesterday they started they went on strike which is annoying. So [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying. They just started typing like dots over and over. Yeah. So for like an hour for what action what action did you do that? Nothing. They just thought it would be funny. What a headache. Yeah. And I was like, "Oh no." And that's why NL's anti-UN. You got to stop You got to stop them from having the conversations amongst themselves. That's the problem. I felt like I broke them cuz I after like first 10 minutes was a struggle but after that I got into a groove and I was like I felt like I was hitting the QTE I was like segueing myself into new topics of conversation and I was like I could do this all day. I could see like the confidence was wavering like does chat help a lot as like the cuz you're when Lewig shaved his head and did a trick shot to like you know be you as a as a bit people were saying he just doesn't have the yap in him. Okay. And do you think that I mean without the chat is the yap really cuz you were doing that without the chat for years, right? Yeah, I think like cuz I made so many YouTube videos without like any chat to help. You just sort of developed a muscle. I guess Blood Blood only had Dr. Battle. That's all you had uh back in the day. Didn't you? Yeah. Well, I mean you that's like your first chatter. Yeah, it's my very first chatter. My first subscriber. But I mean like I do think it's similar when you're a super small streamer cuz you are just talking hoping someone will die and chat and no I think that's got to be hard. Did you never have zero viewers cuz you went from YouTube to Twitch? Exactly. I kind of started with a little bit of a push. I think on YouTube you're like no one could possibly see this and respond until it's out. Yes. But on Twitch, aren't you kind of just like uh you're keeping like the lie alive? Yeah. You're like pretending people are watching and talking. I remember the saying, "Hey guys," before there's any guys, which you should do, right? Like ultimately you shouldn't like act like the Canadian escalators where they don't move till someone steps on it. It's environmentally friendly. Guys, pull us up. What should I play? Like, I said it's a four hours, so just go ahead. Take a time. Uh yeah, that's that's what led to the It's my most fond memory of getting destroyed in chat is I was uh I was talking I was doing my thing. I was streaming and I was playing uh Toontown. Uh my chat which was like six people were like play Toontown. So I did it. Everyone left. I was down to like 11 viewers. All of chat telling you to play a game that they immediately failing is so funny. I went from like 20 viewers to like 11 and 8. And uh and I had two monitors but they're spaced apart. So I was like playing here and then I'd look over at chat and I looked over like two times and just you know nothing there, nothing there. And then I go over there's a new message. I read it and it goes, "Stop looking over here. Nobody's typing." And I the next day I changed my monitor's positioning so it'd be like like a very like a mini map instead. Like I could see it now. And ever since then, I've had it like that. That's sick. I I I got the the one Someone sent you a clip. I was playing Melee, which I haven't really played in a while, but it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 2:00 a.m. and I'm playing and someone asked, "Do you think Queen Latifa could sleep you?" And I'm losing in Melee. So, I'm instantly like, "Dude, shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Stop talking to me." And I I I thought about that clip a lot and I was like, "You know what? I should be answering questions like that. It's fine. It's fun to do that. I have chilled out immensely." And I just wanted to say that out loud. It's true. You He used to be a psychopath. He used to We used to stream together. He would lean over me and ban someone from like 30 scrolls ago. I'll never They were me. I think my my there was my favorite period of this was he used to stream Valerant all the time and in Valerant rank games when you held tab you could see the ranks of all the people in the lobby. So you could see like your teammate oh my teammates in gold like your rank. So if somebody's watching and they're wondering what rank you are they really just have to wait a few seconds for you to click tab and then you could just check it out. Right. But uh and people would ask all the time and you would get annoyed. I would say maybe naturally so it's like why are you asking? Just wait. You can look. You don't need to ask me. Yeah. Uh, but then they took the ranks away and we were like a week or two into this, but you're still streaming Valerant like normal and you would still get super mad and ban those people like like unload just just wait and look at the scoreboard and these poor guys have no scoreboard to look at anymore. If I if I turn on a video game and I stream it and I think I'm in the mindset of I am just a guy playing a game to to record it or whatever now everyone is my enemy like you shouldn't even be here. But then if you're just like, "No, it's okay if people watch you." Then I don't freak out anymore. So I've done that this whole year. So we're growing. You're on the Pelaton. I'm on the mental pelaton. I have a question because you've been streaming. You've been in the streaming mines for a long time. Yeah. And you've worked there for what how much of your working life have you been in the mines? Like 90%. Okay. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I had a few like normal jobs, but they were like pretty short summer jobs between like school years and stuff. What did you study? Biology. O, that's fair. I have an English degree, which is the biology degree of words. It's it's I think an English degree is better. It's a biology degree is like you can't really do anything. It's only funny because it's unusable. Yeah. It's like it has it's like a a fake practical degree. Yeah. Like it doesn't do anything. Do you still remember [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about RNA? Uh I think it goes in the three prime to five prime direction. Whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that means. Let's go. Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go. I don't even think that's right. You could have gotten into good gone to do science. Exactly. I need to see three to five primes in the chat right now, guys. But I mean, now that I you're as far as streamers go, you're like on the older end. Do you think you're like dust comes out? I mean, okay, if I'm being here's the reality 88-year-old lady who plays Skyrim every day. God bless her. God bless her. Question. Do you know my dad? If we're if we're being honest, if we're being honest, 36 isn't very old, right? Like if you have any normal job, if you're 36 at that job, you're not in like the older group of people usually. So, when you imagine what your job is going to be like, are you you're like, "Yeah, I'm going to be streaming and making YouTube videos 10 years from now, 20 years from now." Like, do you ever think about that part? Yeah. Yeah. It's very bizarre. Like maybe in 2015 I got paranoid that this was all like a bubble. Yeah. The whole industry, but also like my place within it cuz I'm like there's no barrier to entry. Anybody could just be better. Any young [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with good hair. I got a lot of disadvantages. Smart. Real smart. I'll watch movies. So, like I went to night school to learn computer programming for like 3 years. Oh wow. And then I was like at least if the streaming thing falls apart I can pivot to that. And now I'm like man this is like the only industry that's dodged all these weird [Music] like it's not fair but it's like it's crazy. Uh yeah co was like a bright spot for so many creators and like just such a sore spot for every other industry. Yeah. My grandma died, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the stream. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was um But I was in I was in crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on War Zone, bro. Was nuts. Yeah, I think that's part of your charm, though. I don't know if you feel the same way. And I don't know if it's like intentional, but I think your healthy fear of it all falling made you uh quite normal, like to the point where I'd imagine most people would think you work like vaguely at with computer. Yeah, I think that's fair. And not streamer. And I'm not I don't I don't I can't I don't think I can LAR well enough. I don't think I'd pass. You could sell vapes if you wanted. Maybe, but that would still like kind of an offshoot job. It's not such a normal life. Uh it wouldn't go over well in my daughter's school if I was a vape salesman. Did you know so before the streaming thing? Well, during it, we Me, Nick, and Lewig lived together and he worked as at a vape company as a what was it? Marketing. Yeah. I was head of marketing. Head of marketing. And they literally sold vapes that looked like iPod touches. Yeah, it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. It was one circle so that kids could have it in school. It was insane. This Chinese company that was so out of touch cuz it was an iPod shuffle in 2017 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shuffle. They had an iPhone, but they had hella colors. But anyway, you're you live this very normal life and and I feel like uh do you think about how that helps I think your the stream world the stream side of it? I think it helps to like get outside of your room and get like some lived experience. You can like farm some stories from outside and you know this is real though. I think it is real and you bring it to your cuz I think you I mean you have a limited amount of life experience and I think uh standup comedians do this. It's like they they tell it through standup and everyone's like this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. I love it. And then they get super rich and their new life [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Yeah. And they're uninteresting and they're unrelatable. Yes. Cuz our new life is just being this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rich dude. And and so where's the life experience, but like you still retain, you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going to Costco or even coding? Although ultimately you're probably not using it. Not at all. No. Might have helped like get world experience. So do you think of it as farming a little bit? Yeah. I mean I just I have to be outside of the house anyway. Like I got to take my daughter to stuff, but like when I'm there, I'm like kind of keeping an eye out for funny stuff. Yeah. I would have It's changed how Nick operates. Nick Nick I feel like goes to some social gatherings and he so I think he has his mind on the pod. Nick will go around and like where [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] might be going down before he's like I should get out of here. Now he's like I'll stick around. Well sometimes he'll be like I could really shake this waiter down. I bet you were like a little stoked at the CBSA interview. You were like, "This is gonna make for a great story." Oh, dude, I'm dicing this guy's ankles up, dude. Oh, and the Patreon money is just gonna flow. And I'll say something crazy. Uh, Twisty. Yeah. And I was like, what? Twisty. It's good. Yeah, Twisty. I actually thought of it before I talked to him. There is an element of like you don't want to like if for a podcast format specifically, I think the angle that people enjoy about us is that we're just actually friends instead of like doing it for like money or something. I mean, obviously it's sick, but uh yeah, I I have the advantage of being insane while I'm alone. Yeah. So, I just get to come to these guys and say what I did this morning when I was like taking a dump and just going it's and then I talked to Jubbin's ghost. I talked to Jin's ghost on the dump on the dump toilet. I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making up a just do this. And then if anybody ever comes for his neck, it's like there no there's receipts. It's like you can find that slime was doing this eight years ago on the floor of a closet and that he liked Slime used to rent my closet. He lived bucks a month. Crazy charged you. Yeah, you did. We were in college in college. 200 seat. I was a grown man. No, it was a long closet. I could lay down. It's true. It was a coffin size closet in our in our public hallway. and uh and we were all broke and it was a it was a four bedroomedroom with six people in it and we were like if you're going to live here you got to pay rent. I don't care where you sleep but you're paying rent. And he was like well I want the closet. So yeah. And the the bathroom trash can was a an arms race of of a cold war of not taking it out. So I think it was like 8 months worth of like Yeah. Like it was just slowly ants taking the garbage out. Yeah. It was like it was pressing it down and it just became this like concrete brick of like trash from the bathroom nutrition. And that house laid the foundation for what the yard is. Yeah. Like I used the bathroom here and I was like, "Yeah, there's like four dudes just working on this thing for like we've been here for like 10 hours. First thing we do, we get here." We're like, "Yeah, okay. Toothpaste. We're going to put this on the window." Did you ever stay in like a in a terrible ghoul house like around college or in your early 20s? Yeah. Like in in in college, the second house we lived in, we would get trashed uh in the basement. And then the only bathroom was on the second floor, so we'd get too lazy to go up. We'd open the back door and pee. Again, is going to sound from the basement. There was a back. Not in the Sorry. Go ahead. It Please. We after a long enough time peeing out the back door onto like this concrete slab. You start to hear the water. It's been a while since I I thought about this. Uh we noticed one day it started to leak back into the house. Oh my god. So like there had been so much urine that it had like eroded a tunnel and then just the elevation brought it back into the house. The slab's like on a mo. It's like floating dude. And it's like beer piss, so you know it's like battery ass. How many guys was that? Like six guys. Six guys in a couple years. Who didn't work? Oh my god. Wow. I realized that piss killed the plants in our in our house because we just didn't use the bathroom. It It's funny cuz the way the setup was is like the screen door to go out in the backyard and then the bathroom right next to it. I'm not kidding. But we just went outside and the bathroom the bathroom on the Oh, it didn't flush the downstairs. Uh the only problem with it was that the chain was broken on the on the flapper and just none of us like bothered to fix it. Like I knew very well how it worked, but the chain was broken. You had a new chain. It wasn't just like a rehook thing. Okay. So, I was like, well, I'm not going to Home Depot. So, we just never fixed it. So, we just put a sign in the bathroom for years. For multiple years, we put we just put a sign on the bathroom that said like uh do not use toilet doesn't work. We'd host Smash tournaments at our house all the time and people would just use it. So every once in a while, people would go, they'd use it, and then I had to get a bucket, fill it with water from the hose, which is so much more than manual flush. So much more effort. I And I tricked myself into thinking I'm I feel smart for knowing how to do that. I'm like, guys, I can fix it. Simple. Yeah. And then but the but you know what? It was right next to the toilet, the sink. And let me tell you about our friend Miles. He used the sink a lot. Yeah, we were sink pissing. We were sink pissing. Yeah, we were sink pissing. Uh but yeah, we peed so much in the yard that it just was like a barren wasteland. If you go to if you go to any of our bios on on for the yard on social media, they all say don't piss on the good grass cuz our backyard had all these brown patches just from where people would piss. Okay. So all the dead grass was the the pissing zones. Yeah. But if you wanted to like throw oranges at the wall really hard. We invented uh we invented fruit ball which was we had a couple orange trees in the backyard and you would a couple guys would stand shirtless on the wall and then you take fruit and you'd throw it at them and you try to hit them with the fruit and the fruit would explode on the wall. So it's really a win-win. You miss the fruit explodes. You hit them they cry out in pain. Um it's like the highlight episode. Yeah. Like a degenerate top golf sort of setup. Yeah. Yeah. Topless golf. Um, but no girls. No girls. Well, that went without saying. No, there's definitely never any girls. No, of course not. So, how long you been like normal pill like wife cell? Like, no. How do I put it? Marriage cell. You put that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behind you and you, you know, get in a relationship and you become like an adult and you have a family. But it's been like what, 10 years or something? Yeah. Yeah. It was probably like 25 or 26. What was the thing you saw that you were like, I want to be an internet creator? Do you remember? I don't know. What were you watching at the time? There were like I'm at the zoo. Yo, I can't make that joke better. It's a video. I had to just leave it there. Download. I think like it was really like AVGN back in the day. James Rolf. Watch a lot of him. There there there's an old clip of Aaron Hansen doing AVGN. He's like, "This game is such a diarrhea poopy ass." And it's like, but he's doing it out of love. He's not roasting him. He's explaining how other games guys were doing the exact thing. And he's like, "No one can do it like him." And it's just so true. We need the Angry Gamers back, but like mad at the games. Yeah. Like Yeah. It's bad now. Yeah. Now they just want to like kill women, cut women's heads off, and then be like, "Also, two pronouns, please. only pronouns. What was the uh the the old angry video game video? Not not angry video game, but the the Super Mario video where the guy hates the bloopers and he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he's from New Jersey and he's like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do some push-ups. I know that one. What was that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] called? That's a That's an archaic angry video game video. I That went platinum in the dorm room. That was an unreal. You were a gamer in college? Uh a little bit. Yeah, we played It's Bizarre. We played Smash 64 all the time. Oh yeah. skipped melee play uh in 64 Falcon and DK. Were you like Z cancelling? Were you good? Uh I don't know if I was Z cancelling. We were pretty good. We we got to the point we decided to You don't know if you were before. We played Ultimate that one time. I think I put on a better show than you would have expected. Yes, that's true. That's Well, I think you're probably a better gamer now than you were then, right? No, not even close. Really? Yeah. I mean, that's all we did. We played Smash 64 and Rock Band. Like you mentioned earlier you mentioned earlier Xbox Live that you could make fun of for your accent. What were you playing on Xbox Live? Lot of Halo 2. Okay. Lot of Project Gotham Racing too. Whoa. Did you ever play Gotham City Imposters? No, I was out by that point. I was probably playing like I think I was probably making YouTube videos. Just crazy to think. I was done with gaming. I started making videos about So what game are you best at in the world? Multiplayer. Aliens come down. You fight them. You get to pick the game. Man, I don't know. That's tough. It's probably The Binding of Isaac. It'd be like the worst movie of all time. Wait, how would you play Isaac? Multi like you'd have to just race them. Yeah, race them or like Godfather. How many hours Isaac do you think you got? Probably like 4,000 4500. And that's like solo cuz I mean when you play Smash, you got people. It's company. What's crazier to me about that is that's 4,000 hours of like talking into a mic by yourself. Yeah. I think it's done like irreparable damage. Have Have you noticed a change in your voice over time? And so is my audience. So have I. Yeah. His videos sound weird earlier. If I watch too much NL, I change how I talk for a bit and then and then Wait, are you talking about inflection or depth? Like literally both. Yeah. Yeah. Do you Is that from talking so much or from like just I don't know what happened. It's got to be the strain on your vocal cords. Yeah, I think that's funny. You know, my voice sounds deeper than it did when I was 18 is But I guess I don't mean like strain. I mean like ination puberty in 2023. So, we're expecting more voice changes to come. Well, that's when I started getting my period. So, I started using my knee back up. We found out that it burns a hole in the pants sometimes. That is crazy. Don't say it. Don't say it. I also know that also not the part that he's being wrong about. The whole part was wrong. What? They said it. They said that discolors the shirt and they say that it burns hole like like an ass. We learned this from women did yesterday. So it's yesterday he just got his pull back from women. We met a few women. So yes, we brought up their underwear. We asked them all sorts of questions. Why? Why uh why Isaac? It honestly just awesome. Yeah. Like I started playing it and it got like some traction and I liked it. So I was like I could do this for like forget why Isaac. Why this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now? I don't know if you do you see the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they post about you on X everything app. No, I got off it when he did the salute. Okay. Cuz cuz other people did it. You're still on it, huh? That's what I got on it. Every day. How do you get paid for blue? But Carney, you got lucky this time. Uh, no. They uh you come up you come up in uh in a German-esque way cuz I think like uh and I saw a post the other day. It's like I was the most nonsensical math game number factory. No, no. Like, oh, was it like blueprints uh math like the dart board or something? Yeah. And it was like a quote retweet with like a uh like an esoteric quote and it's like Ann will say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this while playing this game. It had like 20,000 likes or something. Uh but it it did I was sitting there. I was like, "Yeah, why? Where is this in your Discord or were you stewing just the biggest dump of a game to play? Where is it coming from?" Uh, I just play what looks interesting, but I think like honestly I just have like dark thoughts and that's what leads to those kind of rants. Like I'm I'm a twisted individual. I saw I saw your I saw your um tier list video where you you ranked all the ways you can die via death penalty. That was hard. That was the best idea I've seen in a while. I was so jealous. I honest I thought I would tank it so easy, but after like an hour of like, well, would you rather like be crushed by a big rock or like lit on fire? Like I was really starting to have an emotional impact on me. Yeah. You can feel it in your voice. It It felt bad like just really thinking about it cuz I I was trying to give it an uh people got electrocuted few million. My god, we did this. Do you do you play anything outside of work? Like, are you only playing video games now when it has something to do with Twitch or YouTube? Yeah. Yeah. I just don't have time, honestly. So, like when like I finish recording YouTube videos, I pick up my daughter and then it's like parenting time until she goes to bed. Yeah. And then I go to bed like right after that. Are you raising an iPad kid? No. Is she gaming? Is she doing any gaming? She's gaming a little bit. Uh she's played a little Minecraft. She's played a little Animal Crossing, but she mostly like in Minecraft, she just hands me the controller and tells me what to do. But I don't know what I'm doing, so she just makes fun of me. You know, your dad's a streamer. I would love to watch you play hardcore Minecraft. What? What is hardcore Minecraft? If you die, you reset. Okay. And the objects to beat it. And it's uh I mean, it's probably the most mainstream [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you'd ever play. I feel like the most mainstream [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you do is like a jamboree. Super Mario and Jamberee. Whoa. It's softbanned in the house. Yeah, we like the bongo games, so you don't want anyone else to play as DK. No, it's out of respect. Why do you ban DK and Jamberee? No. Mario Party 4, the real Mario Party, but in Jim in all Mario Parties, right? He's he it's a retired character. Yeah, we had to retire. We had to put the jersey up like Kobe. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. It's a long story. I I remember I was talking to Matt man who does Isaac videos every day and I was like like he's like, "Yeah, I love the game and I just I make these videos." And he was telling me he's like, "When you left Isaac, when Northern Lion left it, it left this like vacuum of people that still want to watch it." Really? And it was interesting cuz Matt gets like 100k views on every video and he obviously loves the game, but he's like, "Yeah, no one else does this. He was the guy and now everyone can be the guy because it's still generating that interest of a game, which is it's crazy it exists at all for that game or any game cuz it is like the fundamentally one of the worst ways to make a YouTube video cuz it's like no, it's very little editing, right? It's just like it's basically just a live stream uploaded. Uh but like it bangs. I feel like that's a Isaac. I have a confession. You haven't played I haven't played. I'm just saying it doesn't exist for many other games, I think, where you can do more of a let's play format. I think rogue likes in general, you just get to play them all the time again over and over and over. Uh I think it's a different time. Like in 2012, 2011 when Isaac came out, there was just like YouTube was different. People were like, "Oh, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like a video on a video game." Yeah. Nowadays, like the standards are so much different. It was kind of it was kind of groundbreaking if the video game you were playing on YouTube just wasn't Call of Duty at that time cuz Call of Duty YouTube was such a big I didn't know what past that. I didn't know what past Call of Duty. Yeah. He still doesn't know. We put some mileage on on the damn tube with those COD videos. I I I think I I in my head Binding of Isaac and is the same as as Super Meat Boy. Are they Are they the same? Are they different? Like guy who made the uh design of it. Yeah. So, it literally is the same guy. Same designer. Yeah. Oh, okay. It's aesthetically the same. Closer than I thought it was. Do you have a go-to game that's like your you must play this game. This is my recommendation. I think my favorite game of all time is Slay the Spire. It's so good. It's just like I think it's a perfectly made game and I'll like go away from it for like two years, then I'll come back and play it all the way through again. Oh my god. be like, "Okay, I'm done with it for another like two years." Okay. Can we get an NL list of recommendations then? Let's go to game. Let's go to movie. Uh movie past few years. I think my favorite movie is probably past lives. Okay. Banger song. Great movie. Really good. Really good. Uh album. Blood on the tracks. Bob Dylan. Bob Dylan. Taking it way back. I've been listening to a lot of Bob Dylan this year. A hack. He can't sing. He can write a song. Thank you for saying it. Yeah. I saw a complete unknown like a week ago and the joke review I wanted to make is that it's like Forest Gump with shittier music. Five out of five. Uh and then yeah, I guess one more video game. Not Slay the Spire. You cuz you're trying to get one. I just want to play one. My favorite game is Inscription. If I if Melee is not included. Have you played Blueprints yet? Everyone's recommending it to me. There you go. Yeah, I gotta play it. Yeah, I've got so many DMs in the past like like month like play Blueprints play. It's a little bit like Inscription for sure. It opens up. Let's put it that way. The first time I ever talked to to Northern Line was I DM'd him cuz I got a full hard mode uh completion mark on Isaac, the Isaac character, which is like the easiest one many would argue, but I was like, "Hey, check out my passport by the way. Big fan. All my friends like you. And you were like, "Oh, that's sweet. Congrats on the passport." And I meant it. You did. I think you did mean it. And yeah, it was it was sweet. It's crazy. I keep having this like intrusive thought that at the end of this you guys are going to like pick me up and throw me off. Well, level 99 crime boss will come out of you know that scene in Wolf of Wall Street where they hang him over the edge. Yeah, it's going to be high. Are you What's your greatest fears? One mine is heist. Really? This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You guys are so civil. Like your your chairs don't swivel. Mine swivel. Not your swively chair. Feel a little looser. Hey. Hey. Hey. And then like I know how they make these condos. Like I'm a little ah it's probably fine. I have a question. I have a question. And because you also because you've been streaming a while and you're a parent now. If your if your daughter's like 16 and she and she's starting to make decisions about like college future, she's like, "Dad, I want to become a streamer. I want to keep the family business. I want I want I want to keep the family business. Got the auto shop, Pop. I would like to do Northern Line on weekends." What do you say to that? Cuz so few streamers have kids. So few people are at that stage. I think that Well, I'm lucky that I don't have to think about it for like a decade at least, which is how I think about a lot of issues with parenting. Um, not now. Not now, honey. Daddy's gaming. Um, I think I would be I would be okay with it. I think that what I hope is that I think like reflexively you kind of when you're a teenager, you think whatever your parents are is uncool. So, I have like I harbor this desire that she'll be very conventional and do well in school and get like a stable job with career prospects. But if she wanted to stream, I think that I would I would be okay with it. You do have some pointers, which is kind of sick. I mean, like, don't don't tolerate any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the chat from day one. Yeah. Honey, honey, you get to read the question they asked out loud. Yeah. Right out loud. You can't just answer it and answer it. They don't have the context. Not dead. I got it. That's sweet. Yeah. Family business. I'd be against it. You think so? Yeah. I'd be like I'd be like a Disney Channel dad. I' I'd say no. Daughter. What about what if he had a son? Would it be different? Yeah. Yeah, he could do it. Family business. Family business. When did you first hear of Lwick? I So, honestly, I kind of blurs together. I think the first thing I ever saw was you setting the world record in one of the Mario Party games where you tap the button really fast. Yeah. Domination. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I didn't know who you were. So I was like I think I probably there's probably a clip of me saying, "Did you see that guy setting the world record?" And then then it might have been the the subathon, I think. Yeah, we uh I looked I looked at my logs recently or schooled where we were on an episode of Schoolooled together. Yeah, we were on an episode of Schooled. That was funny. I forgot about that. We were on an episode of Schooled. You must have crushed that. And it was it was me and him. Destiny and uh different times. Elinity, Elinity, and Pokemon. Uh it was it was before and they still hang out to this day. Were you part of Penis Gang? I don't think I was there for Penis Gang then. I think I think I think I wasn't on yours. You weren't on that one? I was on one where uh we all had such a low score. We were tied. They did a tiebreaker and we did the Hunger Games. we're gonna eat the blueberry. But the blueberry was drawing penises to get the stream banned. So he was drawing more and more detailed penises uh until e cheated and he broke penis gang and then actually cheated in the grand finale. I didn't know there was a precreat. Uh yeah, it's been a long time. Extra Emily got I think a huge that that was the that was the the flame he linked for Extra Emily to you know fly as a phoenix. That's what E is for. No, but we had chatted then. But I I I don't know. I think um you you I feel like you've been on an island, but you who Okay. What is your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] banner? Yeah. What's the branding? Well, show. Yeah. Yeah. So, I used to do it was more styled as like a like a three-hour long variety show with like three segments. We really just play three different games. Yeah. Um so, we had like different guests that would come on and there was like regulars. Yeah. Yeah. We had like regular co-hosts and and some people that would come on, you know, once. And where does Northern Lion come from? Uh, so I live in Canada. Yeah. And my name rhymes with lion. That's honestly was my exact guess. I'm not kidding stuff. Beautiful. And his logo uh means north in in Japanese. No, in Chinese. I'm glad you're here. Oh, is it Chinese? It's in Chinese. It's both. It's both. No. Well, cuz the Japanese stole it. Well, and State Farm also believes that State Farm stole from the Japanese. Yeah. Well, I wasn't gonna ask you um about where do you did like So, you're tapped in and that's always impressive and funny, but like where do you if you're not on X, which is the everything app, which is great. It's all on there. So, banking the banking you even though you're not there. Yeah. I mean, which obviously very reasonable, but like where do you find Cuz I was on Tumblr for years and then Tumblr kind of died, but Tumblr kind of like helped shape my sense of humor in my 20s in terms of online intake. But where do you get now? How do you how do you arrive at like things that you find and stay stay current? You're a Discord kid, are you? Not really. I feel like you're active in your own Discord, aren't you? I see screenshots. I talk in the I talk in the Pelaton. They're all screenshots from the Pelon. I see the screenshots. It's it's the Pelaton chat and he's like, "Yeah, if you don't talking about trickshot simulator, one of them was like everyone's mad that he's playing it." He's like, "If you don't like what you see in the mirror, change what the mirror sees." Or it's like, "Is this a pelon 51?" Well, that who's taking the screenshots? That's what I Yeah, I got people. Yeah, they keep they keep browsing. Uh I'm on Reddit like when I'm in the bathroom. Okay. But I'm not logged in. Like I'm trying to stay off the grid. Okay. Okay. Like out of the behest of the algorithm. Do you you do you fear the algorithm? Um I I think that I don't know. I like to Yeah, I guess I do. It's scary. I think you should you should fear the algorithm. How so? Well, the algorithm is curated to keep you there. Yeah. And it's and keep you there without purpose. But you're an agent of the algorithm. I am an agent out there of the algorithm and I and I keep people there. And how do you reconcile that? Well, that's a good question. Northern Line. That's how I felt. Um, anytime I'm uh we were in the US like a month and a half ago. I heard of it. Didn't sound. Yeah. Yeah. I I violated the tenants of the trade war. orch and I just saw like I had almost like a a breakdown watching like adults just look at their phone all day at I I heard that you did it at dinner so I'm not trying to call you out specifically but like just all the spending time with their family facing the phone YouTube shorts scroll scroll scroll and I was like man I got to stop making content like I'm contributing to the downfall of society and I was like sincere about it for like half an hour I had a really similar experience I just told them A couple episodes ago, I went to a like a popular bagel place in LA and uh they were like swamped for like no reason. there. It was like a 50-minute wait for your bagel. And uh all the Uber Eatats people were there waiting for their orders and like like zombies like like showing the phone to the to like the employee walking by like I need my order and they're just like ignoring them. And I I saw that and I was like this is I don't like this system, the system of ordering food and the person goes and they don't like there's no hello, how's your day going on cuz now all the customers are not here to eat, they're here. And I was like I'm deleting the app. So I deleted Uber Eats and Door Dash and I got rid of them. Yeah, I haven't used them since. And I was Yeah, I had that same moment of like, this is bad. All this is bad. Yeah, I had a bit of it today. I was on the plane and uh with your garbage bag. It was my garbage bag and I'm and I'm looking through it. I'm I'm looking at all the posts were similar to someone else there. He bring his garbage bag on the plane. Garbage bag. And the guy next to me is on his laptop and uh and he's trying to load like a video and it won't load. And he goes, "Can you restart? The Wi-Fi is too slow." I'm like, "Brother, yeah, you're on a plane." And and it was the sweetest flight attendant I've ever seen. She goes, "Sure, I'll flick it on and off for you." She makes an announcement and and she just shuts it down. It turns off people's movies. Wait, she actually did it. She does it. I thought she was going to cap to him. No, she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she's very sweet and accommodating. So, she does it and then she flicks it off and on. It comes back on after 5 minutes. She's like, "Still won't load." I'm like, "Brother, you're on a plane. Like, give it up here." Right. Sometimes the plane Wi-Fi just doesn't work. And it's okay. That's okay. It's okay for a few hours to not have the Wi-Fi. It's okay. There's like those I think like Oceans 11 I rewatch all the time cuz I like it. Now you're talking. He hands him he hands uh uh Saul the the plane ticket and he just and he loses the dog track race and it's like you can just buy a plane ticket in 2001 and hand it to a man and he can go to on a plane with it and I'm like that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. It's just going to keep getting weirder as we see things like that. You know what I mean? What are you most What are you most doomer about? uh like anti-intellectualism and like reduced attention spans and like like caused by content and stuff like that or Well, it's tough cuz then I have to like demonize myself which is hard which is like scary thought scary thought don't I do is like obviously good and helping. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um the way I eat meat it's like the animal would be impressed because I'm like honoring the animal when I eat it. Well, you had this 30inut uh you know come to God moment and then what happened? Well, then I just said mine are good. I'll just keep making the shorts. Sure. Cuz I got to out compete the ones that are like out compete the rot. I How many times do you have to watch an Indian street food video where they're cooking the food in like sand or whatever. You seen the hot salts cooking or the Turkish coffee or the ice cream trick? There's always there's always a soap cutting video around the corner to enjoy or hoove shearing like Yeah. Yeah. Now it's going to be all AI videos. I've been on like Taliban tourism shorts lately. Really? The last week I've been watching people going to Afghanistan like uh always men I think for understandable reasons. The women take longer. It's weird how the creators are never women there and it's like guys uh who decide to like visit Afghanistan right now under like Taliban control and just like show you what the country is like and I've just been watching those just a bunch of short just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] live like feeling good about it. Yeah, there's a surprising amount of people that have been doing this. I mean, it's a feel it's feel- good and not feel good in the sense that I think there is some there is a a realistic thing to dispel about the country like stigma of like not everything here is like as awful as you think it is, but also recognizing aspects of uh you know something like subjugation of women and like and and seeing that in the videos as well and like recognizing that that is also very real. So you watch that and then it flick up and then it's soap cutting. No, I No, I flick I flick up I flick up and it's like an edited montage of Draymond Green beating somebody up. I that's my algorithm right now. I'm flipping between Taliban and NBA YouTube shorts. It does just feed. I remember we were doing this thing uh this this secret project with Lwig and it's been really fun. But we basically we had to watch shorts and I I I got on a fresh incognito YouTube account cuz I didn't want it to disrupt my algorithm. I like what it's giving. That's bad, man. But like it gives me it gives me bro. Yeah, bro is cool. But you can you can search for bro and you don't need them to give you bro. I trust me I like the old ways. I like googling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and not having some wrong guy who's a robot tell me the wrong thing. It's insane. I'm 35. I very purposely I my old Call of Duty montage making YouTube account. Whenever I log into it, it is only because I would like to watch a Call of Duty video because I have not ever just browsed YouTube while on it. So when I go back and log in, it's just like old montages and on my front page and like Yeah. It's like a time of Yeah. And then I back online. Yeah. Do does this fear that you have is it is this something you felt for a while and is pretty broad or do you feel it's more contextualized or real through being a parent and you're like it's specifically about my child and where what they experience? I think I think it does but in like the like it's been affected by me being a dad but actually in like the inverted way of what most people would expect. Like I'm not that concerned when I see like seven year olds watching Brain Rot because I'm in my head I'm like they're seven. But when I see like a 65y old and they're just watching like pure garbage, I'm like you're supposed to be they have restraint. Yeah. Like you're supposed to have like the guard rails on and know like I shouldn't be doing this isn't good for me. But if a seven-year-old does it and they never stop then it's like they're just running down that path and then it becomes a groove. Right. Right. And then and then that's just that's just second nature. Well, I don't think it's good. But I'm like a seven-year-old, I think they're more like impulse driven. Like it it reflects badly on the parents for sure. But when an adult, I'm like, "Ah, you don't like have an excuse." Yeah, that's This is the iPad kid. I I guess if if I have a fear, it's not really short attention span. It's more like people being lost for like a meaning to life because they're not connecting to other people. They're more like, you know, just interfacing with the world through devices. That's real. Like people are more lonely and they spend less time with each other. That's that's all. I have a tangential fear AI related where I I recently used it for something. I I rarely use it for anything and I I recently used it for a project of mine and it was like a a thing where I was like, "Oh, let's I I was trying to learn how to code and and chatbt is very good at it if you haven't uh if you didn't know that." And um and I found that it was a very addicting thing to tell it, "Hey, work on this." and then it would work or not. But either way, I basically learn nothing of it and if it does it right, I'll include it and then I'll move on to the next thing cuz it's like more addicting to do that than it is to like read through what it did and understanding a math problem. And I worry about like the next generation of people who are forced to learn how to use it, missing out on like the iteration loops of actually learning something by like wanting an end goal, going through what it takes to receive that end goal, and then coming out with like a new skill set. And instead, it's just like learning how to prompt. And and I I worry about that a lot. I wor I think that's going to end up in a place where people are like in mass or on mass like much worse at things individually. If the internet were to shut off, we'd all not have our skill set anymore. Could I actually give you guys a specific example? Something that I've been thinking about is, you know, the toilet thing we were talking about earlier about how nobody wanted the train on that toilet, running the train on the old toilet in the old house that I actually never got to see. But the example of like needing to go to Home Depot and get the chain to fix the problem, right? And it's something that just takes a little more time is something that isn't instantly it's there's no instant satisfaction, right? But it ultimately would save you way more time down the road. The fear I think I have is like engaging with those types of basic problems. I feel like my attention span in the periods of time where it's at its worst, like if I'm consuming YouTube shorts or Tik Tok or whatever all the time and and I'm in a slump, it makes those problems really hard to to deal with. So if I'm used if I spend a decade solving basic problems with chat GBT and not learning anything because I can instantly get the feedback I need all of a sudden I can't engage with the basic problem of fixing my toilet. That's my fear. You get chat GBT to get Instacart chain and then you get a workway person shows up and then you scroll more while they do it for you man. Like do you guys The future the future. If you're like texting like a loved one, do you do like the auto reply where it's like, you know, love you too. Oh, never. Okay. Never. I'm not kidding. I will delete when I type in OMW and it goes on my way. I will delete the auto one and sometimes retype it myself. I'm like, I don't want a capital O. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] capital. Exclamation point is filthy. What am I a senator? I just meet her. She's my girlfriend. If I add autofills to my keyboard, though, I have I added one. He uses swipe. So, he's got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If I type the word If I type the word shrug on my phone, it does the shrug. My mind is the guy. Let's go. Yeah. And then if I do Q, it's a question mark or QQ. Sorry. Oh, why? I don't like hitting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing. That's the cry face. QQ. I'm crying. That's old school gamer tech. Guys, I'm too young. Too young. It's like every time my mom texts me I love you, the robot tries to go like, "Love you, too." And I'm like, "I'll type in All right. Getting a little too close. She's done enough. Robot's getting a little comfortable. Start switching to we love you. You wake up one day your phone like Apple intelligence or whatever on your phone is like sending the text before you read your mom's. It's like we already handle this for you, Ryan. More time for shorts. Yeah. I like the idea of like it's so easy too to look at the way we grew up and be like, "Oh, you just watch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Spongebob or cartoons or movies or whatever." And it's like it's the same slob thing for kids, but the the fun comes from like, "Yeah, I watched Blade when I was 10, and this guy also watched Blade when he was 10, or maybe he watched it when he was 20 or maybe it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] six-year-old man who watched Blade." And you have that like connection of like, "Wasn't that crazy when he did that with the sword." And that's like what the real like element is of content really is just sharing it. But when you make like the slop, it's hard to say, "Did you see that slop earlier?" It's like, "I don't know. Maybe maybe it came across my algorithm." Oh, isn't isn't it no different than when you're watching Northern Line and he says, "Did you see Faze Banks glazed spend?" You keep bringing me up, which is I think it's different. Chicken jockey. It's just like monoculture and like the the sort of death of that and how we're handling that algorithmically, which isn't a new conversation, but it's not going away. And it's it's annoying. I hate it. As a 35-year-old, I'm like, h, you know. Yeah, that's all. And you create the slop. No. As a 29y old slop. We create the slop. You ever think about the lives lost from watching your godd? I do. Yeah. Yeah. I've thought about like if I'm gone for 3 minutes and there's a certain amount of viewers, I've multiplied. It's like how many hours just wasted. No, it's true. Wait, what do you mean? What do you mean by like like if I'm like AFK or if I like uh answer productive hours? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. just like literal time. How many people watched a chair and how many minutes and hours did that add up? Yeah. Collectively. Yeah. You can just multip you can just figure it out and it's and it's always it's like tens of thousands of minutes and hundreds of hours. It's like, oh, okay. Like if all these people watching me like went to science class when the streamer gets up cuz it's on it's on the other it's deep in a tab on my second monitor anyways and then they come back and they're like, "Hey." And I'm like, "Whoa, I forgot you were there. I'm re-engaging." Yeah. I assume get up is like they do something that I don't think they all sit there and go, "Yeah, yeah, he's probably going to come back soon." But uh if like the stream's boring, I think about it. I think there's a nobility. Do you think you're the king of the second monitor? I don't think about myself like that. Really? I kind of think of myself like I just get down there, but like am I a second monitor guy? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Do you uh like or dislike or feel apathetic towards the term comfort streamer? Uh dislike. I hate it. Yeah, I hate it. When you know what's annoying, can we let's really break it down. Please get into it. When people are like, "Can you not be so loud sometimes?" Yeah. Can you like I'm trying to fall asleep like it's ASMR. Yeah, bro. Cyber bullying is not real. Close your laptop. I used to be so much meaner. I used to put my gain up and yell. Nice. And then I was like then other people would be like, "Well, you know, I wasn't part of that interaction." You know, you're overreacting. I have headphones. Uh yeah. No, I saw that. I saw that I was playing CS offline with Leslie last night and someone came in her chat and they're and it just Tina. She's my my comfort streamer. I literally thought I was like, man, I'd kill myself if someone came my chat and said that. Uh just cuz I I like I it feels like uh Do you not feel like you've captured that audience though in a way some portion of it? Like assurely comfort streamer adjacent then you end up becoming part of that and like is comfort streamer just like that's the one I default to if they're on. Yeah. I think it's like this person's on I open their stream I put it on while I do my daily chores and it's in the background and I'm vaguely listening. I think it also implies low energy, right? Dude be like Asmin Gold's my comfort streamer. Yeah, that's wild. But there's also an energy to it. Maybe I don't think Kai Sonat can be a comfort streamer because he's it's it's like very loud and activity. It's like there's an energy there. And so I associate comfort streamer with like I feel like comfort and comfy streamer can be two different things. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Yeah. You know, my comfy streamer is someone who's like more reserved and chill and it's like a vibe and second monitor, whatever. Kai, you got to watch. Kai is terrible. Second monitor content. Yeah. True. Horrible. Cuz he's just like every once in a while screaming and you don't know why. Yeah. You need to look. You need to see what he screams and then you look away and you look back and there's like a horse and three guys in the background and Kevin Hart's dancing. This is a hard thread to follow. He's thinking 1500 gifted. Okay, cool. Celebrity death match with a horse. Is that something that happened? Did they put Phantom on a horse? They put Phantom on a horse. They done put Phantom on a horse. God damn. I already taxed the hay. But I also hate when uh people will say like, "Don't eat into the mic." And then someone else will come in and say, "Well, people have got to eat." And I'm like, "Well, you should both shut up." Yeah. Yes. Right. Dude. Oh, I think I I weirdly get mad at people. I'm making like crusading for me rather than like I can do this. Yeah. Like I can I'll be okay. Yeah. You're the dork for defending me. Yeah. Exactly. That guy kind of has a point. I I hit him a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I' my favorite thing, right? I I started uploading YouTube videos for the first time uh at since postard and there's been my Elden Ring playthrough and uh a lot of people will comment and say something like you are so bad at this game and I've been replying to most of them and saying do you have any tips? Oh, I like that. And then they'll give me a tip and I say, "Thank you. Awesome tip." And they switch and they immediately switch. They just get the attention and then it's over and I rub my hands together. I'm like you. But that's it. That's it. Little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loser. You switched up. You switched up. You were a dick to me when you started this interaction. But they win if you take the advice. Yeah. Which I won't. I'm using the four hatch up for the entire run. You're heavy running the heavy rolling. I sle way back when he started and he kind of started getting steam and I'd be like, what are you doing? These people are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] evil to you. Like how do you deal with that? Because it just makes me instantly mad. Even when it was to him and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate him. And he he would he said this thing. I don't know if you still believe it, but you're like, "Yeah, man. They just all want to be my friend. And that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. And then that's why they're being mean to me. I think they all want attention maybe more than friend, but I think they all just they all want to be seen. Everyone wants to be heard when which is a simple answer to a simple when started popping off and we like every once in a while cameo in his in his streams and videos and stuff. Uh I I'll never forget a guy commented uh he saw me on camera and he said that looks like if you put Clint Stevens in a washing machine and in my in my head I was like yo here we go. Sometimes they that broken clock dude. or this is my life. This is where we're going to go now. But you know, you don't you don't you don't get the right twice a day if you don't let them sing. You know, you have to let them sing. And that's what I'm learning. Yeah. Yeah. Uh and a lot of the times it sucks, dude. I have a chatter who is like 90% misrate. But and today, so the whole stream he was like, "Can I tell you this joke about 12 angry men that I read online?" And I ignored it for two and a half hours. Right. Is he spamming it? Yeah. probably once every like 5 minutes. Oh my god. If he's that deep of a chatter, he knows when Ann's looking at chat and he's me and Nate shots chat that one time and then everybody started copy pasting my like will you play Valer message with me. Did Did you do you have patience for that? That they spam the same thing. We're working together a little bit. What was the joke? Yeah. So, well, here's So, he spammed that for two and a half hours and he saw that it wasn't getting the attention and then I just out of nowhere he said, "Real quick before I send this dickpick, should I should I should I put it in a hot dog bun?" And then I said, "You know what? That's gold." And I said, "That's so good. Why don't you tell your 12 Angry Men" joke? Yeah. He got in the door. Yeah. And then he said, "I heard they're making a remake of 12 Angry Men with an allwoman cast. It's called 12 Women." And I said I said, "You know what? If you said it earlier, it wouldn't have gotten a good reaction. But now after the hot dog thing, you imagining his dick in the hot dog bun while he says the joke now." And I'm like, "That's fired." The whole your whole vibe I'm liking at the moment. I want to know the guy who has the patience to spam that for two and a half hours. What's he doing? He's a hero. I mean, he's jobless. That's another way to put that. Oh man, context. We are at time by the way. Oh, we're at time. We are at time. Yeah, this is correct. Yeah. Well, Ryan, if I can of the Northern Variety, thank you so much. Thank you. This is really cool, guys. Appreciate you coming. How'd you feel? Are you ever going to do a podcast? I don't think so. I don't know what ironic it would just be a stream. Streamers should never do podcasts. That's my hot hottest take cuz you're already doing it and it's more interesting. It would just be it would just be his videos without slash marker in it. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I also I mean like thank you for thanking me, but like for context, you guys all came to Vancouver to film the podcast. I just showed up basically in the city in which I which I confirmed with him before to be your first is an honor. First pod. First pod. Really? Yeah. The podcast of champions. We're his practice girl for all the other podcasts he does later on. Rogan's next. Is there anything? Tell us about Tell us about Mike. Is Is there anything you'd like to say? Anything uh you want to include or shout out or do? No, I don't think I got the hot dog bun thing out. So, I think I'm probably You're not doing a I saw a comedy club down the street. You're not going to do a a type five or anything anytime soon? No, I because the thing is as a streamer, you know, the jokes are going to land. If you got like a cold audience, you never know. It's true. You could bomb. We do have one question. Lea usually asks it. Um Oh, yeah. What is it? You always ask the question that we always ask. You ask it most of the time. Okay. Yeah. We ask this question every guest. Be remissed if we missed. Uh, are you cut or uncut? Uncut. Yeah. My Gut side of America. See you later. GG. GG, boys. You were jumping around the street. It You were literally jumping around like you ate sugar. What happened? You guys were all mean to me and said I was being annoying and so now I That didn't stop you. We said that for a while and you kept it really wore me down. So now I'm how you want. How does that make you feel? Not very good, I guess. Yeah. I Well, I had to wake up at 7. Okay. I went to bed at 2 and I had a lot of a boundless amount of energy and all I wanted to do cuz we ate dinner together is to talk to my friends and but my friends wanted to talk to their phones.