 Dinner's ready. Shut up. Okay, I gotta I gotta do that thing. I gotta do that thing. I have homework for 30 seconds. I'm knocking on the door. Okay, I'm knocking on the door. I Oh, one second. One second. Wait. Take a picture of the laptop. Take a picture. You don't. This is your wor This might be your worst look. Oh, yeah. Your worst look is this right now, too. I don't even look that bad either. What? What was the ellipsus then? What do you mean? What do you What injured dot dot dot? What that mean? That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're injured. It means It means maybe there's an implication. Hold a spot for your boy after we break up. You're saying if my if my girlfriend ever died, you'd be first, which is like you don't need to say I can't right now, but she might go to an out of state college. Exactly like that. B. No, the dying's extreme, but it's like it's like I might be going to an out ofstate college and so maybe wait for me cuz we're both going to prepping for the likely breakdown. Yeah, right. For a bench spot. Well, like you are a bench spot by the way guy for a different ask me first. You're bench spot now. The implication is that Ryan is the bench spot. Ryan's the bench spot. Ryan [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] swallows it, bro. I don't even know. Don't talk about Ryan that way. Ryan as well. You do not hold a candle to Ryan. You can't please him like that. Ryan cupping the balls. Ryan cups the balls. He cups all three. Ryan went to college for this. No. Okay. Did he not? Basically, if for listeners tuning in, uh Aiden has been trying to cheat on Lwig for the basketball. I'm doing I'm doing a basketball event in July. It's a 3v3 event and and I ask people to make teams and I'm making a team and I ask Aiden I ask him early and he's the first person I ask I want to play and and want to play. I want to have sex and and and so he really wants to play. He wants to play and uh and so much so he's like moving stuff around and I'm like that's great. I'm excited to play with you. I canceled a trip to play with you. He's very well no it sounds like you can trip to play. We're getting there cuz then this other guy who has to be Captain Trevor starts picking up ringers. Okay. He's like I picked up this guy. He can dunk. I was like, "What do we what?" Yeah. He said he picked up a guy who can dunk and then he picked up this guy Ryan who played basketball with who's like very good, played in college. And Ryan's the Ryan's the best player in our group on Sundays that we play with. And he's he's crazy. And then it's 3v3. So he he's asking for his fourth bench person to be freaking Aiden. Yeah. And then and then Aiden says no cuz he's on a team with me. But I tell Aiden I give him some insider info which is that I hurt my knee this past weekend. And what does he do? What does he do after? And so Aiden immediately immediately pulls out a second cell phone. Goes to Trevor with a second cell phone. He goes, "Ah, he's injured." Dot dot dot. Yeah, maybe we can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the side. Maybe just a little mouth stuff while he's hurt. And then when I'm back in action, what? We're supposed to be on like usual. He messages. So he messages work Dave in his phone. Yeah, I messaged Work Dave. I didn't even know work Dave moved me to the bench. Work Dave moved you to the bench and you still want to sleep with him? No, I wouldn't want to be on the bench. So, that's it. Well, I'll find another. Isn't it just vintage Aiden at this point? I'm gonna I'm gonna out there with the most crippled. You're You're not out of this. You're a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you want to do? I don't even care about basketball. Nick's fine. Yeah, Nick's cool. He's actually awesome. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nick hits one trick shot. I'm so sorry. He's almost You almost stuck the landing. Yeah. Yeah. Can't really go higher than that. Uh, so anyway, real quick, his girlfriend dressed him like uh vacation Mario uh the other day. Oh yeah, what was that? She sent a picture. She's like Hawaiian Nick. And dude, that was yesterday. She sent that to you. Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look like looked like she's going to race the Monty Mole. Dude, it Okay, show it. Okay, hold on. Show it, son. Show it. It's not bad. Show it. Sure. It was Father's Day. Her dad We got her dad some some awesome dad shirts. You know, they're button up. They're they're Hawaiian looking. Whatever your dad likes. I've been thinking about it. I don't know what it looks like. Yeah. Like a dad shirt. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what that is. And he put it on and he was happy. We all um and uh her dad was like thought it would be funny if I wore it cuz I'm always wearing like darker colors. Like you put it on. That's really all it was. It's not that remarkable of a shirt, but it's funny putting it on him in particular cuz he has such a They all pointed and they were like that is hilarious specific to dress you for a week. Do it. You would have such awesome fits. This is fine. Wow. Well, he looks uh God, my volume, too. Yeah, you just look like vacation Mario. That looks like the C9 uh LTA jersey. Check the ice. Look up C9 LTA jersey. Only wearing it now, but C9. You do got ice on the He's just enjoying his time at Alphino. Yeah. Don't even get flood started on me. By the way, New Balances are in. Do you know why? Why? Show Otani. Show on New Balance. New Balances are in because of Show Otani. They were really struggling before they worked with shows Japan. How [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how surprising. Show Otani brought it back. See brought it back, dude. They've been hot for years. New balance, dude. Mango did not want to be there that day. No, no, I think he did. He always loves doing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mango actually is like No, he's always willing. He's willing to do it. He's actually just horrible at photo shoots. He's horrible at anything directed. It has to be authentic. I was a good one. He did voice over for those arm sleeves. What the hell? And it's so funny listening to him do scripted voiceover when when he did the shoot for streamer games last year he was one of the worst actors of all time. It's funny cuz back in the be Beyond the Summit days too he talk about how like I'm an acting legend. Yeah. Like I went to I I did acting classes in school and then you get Mango in front of a camera. It's just like he's terrible but he's got a heart and you appreciate that. It makes you question the stories about Golden Glove Marquez. Golden Glove Marquez does seem to be a shaky foundation now. He says he was the best. He said he said if there's three things in the world he could have done. Melee, CS GO, or baseball. You know the thing about me is you know how big of a mango fan I am. I just believe him 100% every time. Every time he says I used to be this. I'm like that's crazy. How could you be so good at all of it? What's your deal? Why are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pissy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coming up? Why do you dress like Vanilla Ice? Your pants, man. Thanks, man. I got a good ass fit on today, bro. You ever see the Vanilla Ice video where he talks about how he didn't steal David Bow's uh beat? How does he say that? How would he make that? Right. That's under pressure. That's crazy that you make that argument. Vanilla Ice in in an interview. He goes, "No, no, it's different. It's like and I put that little thing in there. He doesn't even know it's a high hat. And I put that little sound in there and that's vanilla ice." And then he did go ninja go. That's so awesome. And then he made so much money and lost it all. I'm mad at you cuz you texted me some annoying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He texted me. He goes, "Wait, wait, let me read it. Let me I didn't even plan on doing You know why I I'll explain. Be crazy if you planned on doing anything like this." Okay. I I messaged him yesterday. I said, "What's your devil fruit?" Aiden, do you know what that means? Oh, yeah. So, I don't know what this means. It It doesn't mean anything. He said, "Does it mean something to you?" You had an answer. It's how it's what we eat to go on the greatest adventure of all time. that captivates the minds of millions of fans. Love it. Millions of 30year-old white anime fans love this. Okay. Insane comment. What? Insane. Cuz Am I wrong? Yeah. Very wrong. Millions of 30-year-old anime fans love this. And 20-year-old and Hispanics. Yeah. And and and Asian. Yeah. Yeah. More races and Indian. What about loud? Which is still Asian. Wait, what is what is this? What? Can someone explain? Okay, dude. It's the devil fruit quiz. Oh, I know. No, he's talking kind of like in the Luffy voice. In one in one piece, you get a devil fruit. It gives you power. Every devil fruit's unique. And Nick, when you eat it, you can't swim, but they're pirates on boats. And that's why what? It's a great show. We're telling the truth. No, but you're saying it in a way that's porative. It's not porative. You can't swim in that third show. You only have to suffer through the first 200 badly paced episodes to get to the good part. And why the hell can you not swim when you eat it? Cuz it's a devil. Cuz you got a full stomach. The devil. Because the devil fruit swim a minute. You can't swim with a full stomach. A devil fruit imbuss you with powers and but it's you're not supposed to have these powers. So mother earth takes back the ability to swim from you in a world that is 90% ocean. This is not this is not earth. You guys are the gum gum fruit. That's not even in the books for fruit by the way. That's not even in the devil fruit book. That's some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The gum gum fruit. Yeah. It's based on the fruit that makes the guy stretch. The fruit that makes the main guy stretch isn't in the book. No, no, there's a Yeah, cuz cuz Vega Punk has stretch devil fruits and gum gum fruit isn't in it. He's never seen that fruit before and he thinks it's a fruit of the god. So I messaged him uh I said what's your devil fruit? He replies almost immediately, which never happens. He said, "I like to think I would be a loia and is that how you say it?" Yeah, a loia Andy. Okay. And then I replied, "Hello, you have run out of allotted tokens for responses from friend LLM Ltd. If you would like to purchase more tokens, text pltr to this number. The amount will be debited from your account." He replies, "Stop in all caps." I reply, "Payment accepted. $799.99 will be charged to your payment method." And then I said, "Haha, yeah, Loia is cool." Oh my god, it's so funny to just message him so that you can do that. And then he said, "I'd pay $800 to talk One Piece with you." Wow. Which is very And then it got real. And then he didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reply. Yeah. Okay. So, I was watching his stream and then he didn't reply. Can I Can I out him really quick? Can I just out you for a second? Yeah. Out. So, Anthony sends a text to my girlfriend and he's like, "Look how much awesome olive oil I bought and it's like a big thing of olive oil." And I'm next to her and she looks at me and she goes, "Since when does he cook?" And I was like, "I don't know." And so she says that. She goes, "Since when do you cook?" Yeah. And he goes, "No, I order the salad with no dressing on Uber Eatats." Yeah. And I just I just like olive oil. And then I put And then I put the dressing on myself. And I'm assuming with olive oil. Yeah. Because I don't trust their dressings. I like my own dressings. What do you What do you rip? Huh? Olive oil. No, I know. I know. I know. I know. I understand. I understand that. Do you You drizzle it. You just drizzle it on. Dude, I bought three clothes. Do you rip laundry? What are you talking about? Do you do your own laundry? Of course I do my own laundry. Don't say of course. I think that's an Of course. Of course. We're not like we're not like the upper upper class. I do my own episode like four. I have had this same shirt. All right. This is literally on the episode 4 or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So I if someone did your laundry, they would have eaten the shirt. They would need a protein. I was lost. I was lost. They would get hungry. Get hungry after enough. Not a guy the way you guys are clothes guys. Maybe a shirt guy. But so yeah, I do my own laundry. What else you want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get? I would love to talk to One Piece with you. Really? Yeah. Well, I was watching Brawl Pro stream and someone asked him, "What's your devil fruit?" And then he said, "Uh uh to swim." Mhm. I can't do that, right? No. There there is a fruit that lets you swim through I thought devil fruit don't make you not through water, through earth. Unrealistic situation. Seems unrealistic. The earth is water. This is the greatest anime of all time. The greatest. So good, bro. It's so good. I'm not even being sarcastic. Right now, we're in Egg Head Island and it's a futuristic island, but it's actually from the past. Actually, this is crazy. And Dr. Vega Punk's the smartest person ever. And guess what? They're sending assassins after him. Oh my god. Now, did your science teach your science teacher called me and she's a little upset that you got a D on your final? Yeah. And you've been sending you you've been spending a lot of time at the library sitting on the floor reading the manga. What do you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know about anything? Manga. What are you doing? What are you doing all day? I consumed more One Piece than either those two. You You Where are you at? Uh what? I made it to like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sky City or whatever. Skyia. Don't say it wrong on purpose. I didn't know the name of Se. You really love this, don't you? Yeah. It's awesome. It's so good. Okay. I got some Christmas gifts in mind. It's so good. I don't know how some of it's good. No, it's all good. It's all good. You're saying you're like arguing that it's all good and for for a while you wanted to put Polite in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room for two weeks and make him watch all Yeah. Yeah. So like that's not something you would do with a good piece of media. Yeah. You could you cuz it's more about the it's the ch like the challenge of watching something is elen ring good. Yeah. It's great. And I've trapped myself in a room to beat that game and it was torturous because it was the it was the time span to do it in that made it difficult. Yeah, checkmate. Checkmate. Checkmate. Checkmate. Every every part of Elen Ring is good. And it But if you play 1002 hours in a row, then it becomes tougher. The challenge it does. I did it. You haven't done it. So, I win this. It's true. It is guy who's done it versus guy who hasn't done it right now. I just believe that Elden Ring is better than One Piece. Sorry. Cancel me. Well, it's not. It's not. Oh, and now we have something for them to vote on their phones right now. Elden Ring versus One Piece. I think it's a great question. One Piece. One Piece wins. One Piece we easily wins. If we blend me and Nick's psyche on this, we get to have an opinion together as one unit. Ah, because I've played the first 5% of Elen Ring. And I've watched the first 5% of One Piece, which is a roughly 700 episodes. This is roughly Yeah. getting about 200 300 episodes in. You know what it's like? It's like hearing uh someone talk about a smasher and then they go pee. It's like It's like It's like a no deodorant joke when you One Piece Long joke. No, I don't think it's that way. It's the same. Yeah, but that's like it's the same. If I went to a bunch of tournaments and people smelled, you know, if I if I went to five majors and then they all smelled bad and I walked away with that opinion, I'd respect it a bit more. It's like, sure, I didn't attend for 10 years. He smelled the stinky stinky butt, which one low key is actually what all fighting game tournaments smell like, but yeah, I was, you know what I was going to say? I reported back from Combo Breaker. It was fine. Oh, this is progress. It is progress 100%. Cuz I I think prog combo breaker last year was actually reportedly very bad. Yeah. So, well, I'm not going to shower. I have pools at 1 p.m. I got to wake up early. Yeah, exactly. Dude, I was uh the new Mario Kart. I was thinking about it a lot and I I think I have a problem with it. Okay. Is it Luigi's outfit? All of the racist ones are the ones I like. Racist one. It's I think he has a Persian one. Yeah, that's the one I like the most. Yeah, that was awesome. I like the gondelier. He looks like he looks like a a pimp from Turkey. Yeah, he probably is. There's a there's a bunch of Monagas racing drivers who are really upset about the racing suit. So, that's like that's Dude, the baby uh the baby Mario helmet. It just says baby racing in a cool font. That's a great design. Uh but I was I was playing it and I was I was thinking like I think my problem with it is that it's just this giant like goon session of a fidelity. Yeah, look it. There it is. Oasis Aiden trying to get dressed in the morning. Oh yeah. Yes sir. Wait, that one's tight. That's just Buzz Light. I don't unlock that one. That's in um Odyssey. Go to the right. Wait, they got Trad Peach. This is just zipper switch. Bro, wait. How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you put this on screen so fast? Wait, but I said go to the right and and they did. It was crazy. That's crazy. That is crazy. What the hell was that about? Zipper's watching a YouTube video of looking at go down. Come on, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Come on. Do it. Get I I think like the problem is it's it's this like game of like ultra ultra fidelity, right? And you play it and it's like this goon sesh where it's like all these colors and it's very beautiful and you're just like sucked in and the game isn't maybe it's just like old guy plays video games, but it like the older ones because of the lower fidelity like made you ask more questions about the game and like interface with it. If I can add on to that. Why do we need a rainbow road? We just need They don't have one. I'm not going to use it. They got rid of it, by the way. It's been in the game for They don't have a new Rainbow Road. I don't think it's different now because now there's a message behind it. Oh, I see. Do I have unlocked? You might you if have you played all the Grand U I think you're old an old man right now. I think it's like it's less of a game and it's more of just like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like jack into the the goon world actually. And what's catchy BT? I actually think look [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nintendo all the way through, you know. Oh no, that's Andre 3000. But you might think the same thing. I do like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nintendo. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nintendo. Uh but I feel like this is like the first Mario Kart where they did anything different. Yeah, it's awesome. Like what? Like like the open world. The open world idea in Mario Kart in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 20 years. I I think that's beside the point I guess that I'm trying to like look at or or like think about uh that I've been thinking about was that it's just like it's less of a Mario Kart game. There's no room for the brain to like think and make decisions besides like drive on this beautiful planet and it just feels that way. Expert chime in. I respect that feeling. I get where it comes from because I think you're right about that in a lot of cases. But I think it's bad. You're freaking out thinking I think it's bad. The game The game's pretty good. Yeah, I it has some it has a couple major weaknesses, but mechanically the game's becoming like really interesting so far. Uh like pro players are finding a lot of like cool stuff and the game seems to be somewhat somewhat competitive if you don't play on the giant interim straight line tracks. People were begging for your opinion on the subreddit. Yeah, there is. Well, get this. If you are in if you're playing pubs and you're voting for tracks and not picking random, you're a part of the problem and you should never play again. It's not necessarily random only, right? You just you can sometimes you rarely get a selectable track that's three laps, but you have to go the worldwide etiquette is you just pick random so that you could play actual tracks. Yeah, that's fair. No, the game's awesome, bro. You know what opened my eyes is I grinded six hours on one level. Uh like a time trial. Yeah, just a time trial trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crack the world record. You could have been doing that like in the other games. You know how we were? Yeah, but it's I think it's the tech that's involved is more uh like exciting to do. It is even from watching. You have to like hit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wall jumps and grinds. And they've also added a way to grind it easier in this game. Yeah. Yeah. I saw Simply was going for mumu. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was good. He was very close, too. Yeah. Uh, but yeah, I was grinding like Bowser's Castle and I was like sweating my ass off and I got 20 seconds off and I was like I felt good about it and then I grinded more and I got like nine seconds off. I'm still 9 seconds off. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at that level. No, you're not. You're 9 seconds off world record. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a lot. Yeah. For Bowser's Castle is not a lot, bro. For Bowser's Castle, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crap. It's a hard They have crazy moves on that map. They do crazy things. There's some crazy moves. I don't know. In Mario Kart 8, I felt like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby game and I felt like I felt more like how you feel about this game. Like I think everything you said about 8 Deluxe is true because that game looked really nice and it had in my opinion so little to it. It was such a boring game. If the game looks like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sorry. If the game looks like an older game, all your all your problems solved. Yeah. And not solved. Yeah. But like that's part of I think what I was thinking about a lot is like the the creeping nature of like ultra fidelity and like it's beautiful. The game is beautiful to look at and it's crazy, but along the way you lose a curiosity cuz the game answers all of your curiosity with I think you're you're right in that the game like I think this game could have gotten away with that and a lot of games get away with that in general and the game looking so good and having so much like content packed into it. uh and and being so polished, maybe not letting you do like crazy like glitches or cuts that like old games that were programmed worse would would allow, but the game the mechanics of the game allow you to be pretty creative in what you can do. And people are finding pretty like high execution shortcuts and things. You know how we were talking about how when people play games now it's it feels like everybody's so good compared to like when you can just boot up Call of Duty and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stomp people. That's this game. It's crazy compared to like when I played Mario Kart Wii online as a kid, I was dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I could like farm rooms. Now everybody like half of the normal lobbies play like the meta combo. People go for difficult shortcuts and and the word just like spreads way quicker now. I think like so many people watch content with the game. It gets Nintendo pissed off. I bet too because like their job is to create a game where you hop on the chat with your with your friend and you go, "Yay! Oh no, I got blue shield. Oh no, time to go to bed. Time to go do this for 40 years and die. But really, like they're games, man. People want to compete, you stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think they I think they actually aim for it in this game, at least with the like cuz they have such easy tools to download somebody's world record and then race against it. And you can just literally watch somebody's world record in the game without playing it. And then you can race against it and see all the tech that they use. And what's funny is you look at the leaderboards for uh for like every other level and and you can see everyone's comp and it's everyone's like whoever got the world record, everyone copies that exact comp. Yeah. And then the cutest one is Mumto. Everyone plays cow. Oh. Oh, there's a reason though except for world record. Why does he get the cow gives you So there's secret hidden stats in the game. The cow boosts your dirt speed and that whole track is dirt. So cow is the fastest combo on that course. There's a reason. Not the fastest world record though. It's not the fastest time though. Oh, no. No. There's like one warrior and then like that's 15, bro. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I don't need the cow. So, someone did a test that there's like really really minor character stat differences and stuff. What I was thinking is like I mean you can grind time trials but like it wouldn't help you if you're at like online cuz you can't swap cart after map's picked, right? Not after it's picked before. Before. Yeah. So, you can't like premeditate. No. Guess. Yeah. But I'm glad you like it so much cuz this is the first one that this is the first I'm I've been so disappointed by, you know, Smash is always the same since Melee. It's like it's never going to be like Melee. And then with Mario Kart, it's been that way for so long. Like they've had Oh, Kenzo. That's That's a Melee player. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Falco. Yeah, Kenzo. Logan's all over the leaderboards. Wow. Is that obviously always Well, it could be a different Kenzo. It's even the same punctuation. But yeah, there's a lot of Kinszos that do that. I've seen Simply in fifth right there. Um, that's crazy actually. Yeah, it is crazy, dude. And there's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, maybe DK has a similar stat. I wonder if the Logan is the the really good time trial. I think it is. That guy's a freak. That guy is a freak. He's on like seven different Why don't they just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do like creator codes like Fortnite and make a couple billionaires? real. I got a clip the other day that that Lacy before he was famous was using that other Fortnite guy, Lachlin. Licks. No, no, Lan was the Australian. Australian dude. Yeah, their name their creator codes were like one letter off. There was like Locky and Lacy. And before Lacy was famous, he made like 20 bands off people accidentally typing it wrong. Just said nothing. That's sick. Yeah. So, that's so sick. Well, there's no iname purchases. That's why that's what we add that. Yeah. And also you can buy a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] corambit. You can get Mario a corambit. Yeah. I think Mario inspecting his corambit while driving. That would be the coolest. Also, they put a hamburger in it. Yeah. Which is the same. It's basically the closest thing is before the countdown you can hump in your car. Oh, cool. You've been able to do that. What kills more people? But the humps are more affectionate now. Oh, the humps and we are aggressive. Oh, are they? Yeah. What kills more Americans, hamburgers or corambits? No, we don't use corambits here. It's burger. Burger is burger. So that's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They put burger. They got to put rated M on this game. UK is the opposite. I think they do a collab where it's like it's CSGO gets burger like a a skin for your deagle, but it's just a McDouble and it's like cool like when Bugs Bunny makes it. And then uh and then yeah, you get uh M9 bayonets. I got Stat Track Burger. I've track 3,000 bytes, dude. But yeah, otherwise I've been playing Tears of the Kingdom on my Switch cuz they upgraded it to actually run like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] functional game. Nothing has ever made me feel like such a Nintendo soy cuck as paying $10 to upgrade Breath of the Wild so it runs at like a higher frame rate. Did you get to upgrade every game for $10? No, only like a select couple. But it runs like it should. What a scam. Before that, it was just it was a joke that it ran that low anyway. Well, I think I think because like I think part of the reason why developers are making these like hyperrealistic I don't know if I'd call Mario Kart hyperrealistic, but like more and more high fidelity games is because they they need a selling point for the console. Like what other reason is there to upgra up upgrade your console besides them gating titles like you can't play this title unless on the console? I feel like games have to be like look this machine can do something that your machine can't. Yeah, if it's the flagship I get it. Everything makes sense. Like everything makes logical sense from where we ended up and why Mario Kart [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 17, whatever it is, exists, but I do hate it too. It's just it's just where we are and I'm like, man, as someone who watched it all change. Also, you reach like this event horizon of graphics and you're like, what do we do? We don't need to push any further. I I have this same issue you're having with like NBA 2K. How so? But NBA 2K is that's all they achieve every year is like they do not make the game more fun. It's not more fun. And in fact, it's most fun is like NBA Street on like the PS2 when you can do the game breakers. That game is so awesome. Yeah, because they weren't so like but now it's like high fidelity, best graphics possible, most realistic, which is like, oh, so that's just slow and not fun video game. That's my raw I sports games are are the more realistic they become, it's my my age-old childhood opinion of I would just go play the sport is is that's my old man opinion about sports games. I'd rather just go play it. You're also just going toward the uncanny valley which makes everything bad. So it's like it has it's it's now capped. Switch 2 will be the the final best console we have before society collapses and the great wars start. Okay. And that's where we are. You think you think we're on the precipice of of ads on console games. Not main menu ads that exists already. Like you can go to Valerant and you can get a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ad. No, a long time ago, I think it was Battlefield, one of the new Battlefields that came out in like 2007 had in-game billboard ads. This was a thing on like an N64 game. No. Um, N64. Well, on Battlefield was online, so they could actually change them out and it was like Subway eat fresh. Oh my god. Cuz Val does that, but it's only for Val events, which I think is fine. It's actually kind of cool. But but yeah, I think we've we've kind of already done that, which is the funny part. also just in-game, you know. I'm I'm thinking like the way a mobile bro, what the hell is that about? Is that Apex? What is that? What the hell? Uh oh. Battlefield 242. Yeah, they've been doing this way earlier, too, which is the funny part. You know who? Probably GTA 6 might do it. That's like when you go to Best Buy and you just see a picture of Zeken. Yeah, right. You're like, what the dog? What the hell you doing here? Get online. Um I forgot what I was going to say. Something about ads. I don't know. We should I was thinking like at what point will like like console games be like mobile games where like you're playing a free game and then an ad full screen pops up and says 15 seconds until you can go back to your game. I don't think we're there yet, but you never know cuz it's always it's just about consumer like tolerance like whatever they're willing to put up with. I feel like it's like it's kind of like a boiling frog thing where it's it just takes like one YouTube has kind of small ways add it in in tiny bits one company chooses to do it and then it slowly that got to do with frogs? Like the the thing about if you if you drop a you know if you drop a frog into a boiling pot, he like just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jumps out like he's he's burning. But if you put him in like a warm in warm water and then slowly heat the water over time dies. You've tried this and also I think it's just a and if you put peanut butter on your nuts, it doesn't work with the frog. Yeah, it doesn't. It's a dog thing. You're going to see that I'll show you my ball crazy. I'm like I'm like look, you want the nuts or the bot? You've heard the thing. The bot's going to be hot. Wouldn't it be crazy if the peanut butter on your balls thing worked on wolves? Like dire like like actual feral wolves. They were just like, "Well, I want peanut butter." Yeah. And like that was how we did it way back. That's how we domesticated the wolves. That's how we got them. That was the original cut of the Spongebob episode. Instead of the salt for the bear was just peanut butter on his balls. Yeah. And then Square did it. He's like, "Oh, Spongebob, it feels so good. But he's like all pissy about it still. And he licked it all before he licked it off before the bear got there. Well, you could probably put flies on your nuts for a frog. Yeah, but then you got to put flies on. Yeah. How you getting flies on there? You just put [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You put the peanut butter on first. No, you just cake your nuts and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, the peanut butter you don't need the peanut butter. Well, the flies need a stick. And I might as well put the peanut butter on. I already have it on. You know what is you just walk around like Lwig when he's over 200 lb. So, your nuts already have flies surrounding them. Yeah. Yeah. And then you go into where frogs are. The frog will see the stink lines so he'll know where to go. I'm lighter than you right now, by the way. No, you're not. Wait on three. One, two, three. 77. You're not 150, bro. You're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dam. You just got your juice only your organs. No, man. What are you in one? I'm 177. I've been losing weight pretty fast, actually. I I realize you really It really is calories in and out. Yeah. No, that sounds dumb. How what I actually what I actually realized listen what I actually realized is that you start I was like I want to lose some weight and then I just started eating hella salads and like watching like mostly my carbs and you realize you're like this is going to suck. I'm going to want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blow my head off. And you do it for like 3 days and you're just fine with it. That's what happened to me. I guess I'm normal. I guess I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] normal. I'm not normal. I've I once I I've like on month like five or something of not having like excess sugar and uh that's crazy. Yeah, that's a lot. It's a lot. But I've realized I when I don't eat sugar, I'm more bored. Like my life is I'm just bored all the time. And I started using my phone more. Phone guy. And I'm like, what is wrong with me? I'm not eating cookies, so I've used my phone. I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. So you take digital. I am like an I'm like the idiocracy guy in the chair like drinking delivered beer through the mailbox. The phone is the sugar of the mind. Yes. And I realize there's a link. Write that down. There's a link. I'm with him. I've been cutting all processed up and scrolling my phone is like waking up to a cookie. Why are you guys all on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] RFK kicks? I just want to lose weight. I have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fatter ever. I'm just cutting processed foods and I'm just I'm I'm replacing with fruit. And you won't vaccinate your child? Dragon evil fruit. What is it called? Devil fruit. What? Devil fruit. I'm replacing it with devil fruit. Gum gum. Gum gum. You don't need gum gum, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Maybe you do. I see you eat a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Christian's also trying to gain weight. Yeah. And he was dirty bulking. I don't know if I told you guys this. And he was just eating McDonald's. He got too dirty with it. And and I was telling him, I was like, "That's not good for you." He's like, "No, it's great. Like, it's it's like I'm adding a bunch of weight." And I was like, "No, but it's bad for you." He's like, "No, the macros are fine on it." And I was like, "Christian, it's like the salt and the other stuff." He's like, "I've been drinking water." And I was like, Christian, that's not how it works. You're getting mogged. Let Christian [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get huge. He's scared. He's scared Christian will get gigantic and actually tackle him. You don't want somebody to step to you. Here's what happened is he looked it up and then the next day came back and he said, "Yeah, salt's bad for you. A lot of sodium." And I was like, "Yeah, man." Yeah, that is true. But also, he already is there. We we I went to uh New Hampshire with him cuz my mom retired and there was like a nice retirement party. Congratulations. retired. She retired. God bless her heart. Yes. What's she going to do with her time now? Uh, that's what everyone asks her. It's the annoying question that people ask retirees to Vegas. And she don't know. She'll figure it out. Wow. She'll figure it out. She'll work on health and wealth. She wouldn't do that. Or PSL. She would dude's mom at PSL would be sick. My mom has not played a video game. Mario 64. Damn. I need OG. He played 64 hours. 70 times. You should just ask like what the time it took for her to get into Wamps is because that's as far as she got. You actually jump inside the painting. I don't understand the museum. Total he's painting. No, I'm I'm just looking at the painting. I just like looking at it folks motion. Why is the man big head with red is the Italian? Uh yeah. Yeah. So she's retired. We had a nice retirement party. You know what I realized? Mario could never be French. It never would have took off the way it did. No, no, no. It just can't. He had to be Italian cuz if they took Peach, he would just Wait, isn't he like He's canonically He's like Brooklyn Italian. Well, I guess cuz the movie. Yeah, because of the because of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the movie in the show. They all do make him when Lou Albano is Mario. Chris Proud Mario's Brooklyn. It's just funny cuz it's like he he just Italians are goofy enough to like be able to jump on little monsters heads but also dignified enough to where you can feel like you should control them. Also, there's no way if he was actually Italian, he would have that work ethic that he does now. I don't think he'd wear Okay, hold on. That's true. What's that about? He would have had half of his games, man. He needs a three-hour lunch. He needs a whole pasta at lunch. He gets tired. Takes a nap. He's tired. What do you mean, Mario? You got to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] take a three-hour break. It's Mario, man. Mushroom Kingdom. I'm eating a raot. I don't think he's Italian cuz he wears a hat. And they have such luscious awesome hair until they're Italians wear like like there are no bald Italians. Name one. Leonardo da Vinci was bald. No, he was intelligent though. That's different. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking about? When you're a smart Italian, you're always bald. That's true. That is true. But most Italians are dumb and they have all their dumb and beautiful or smart. What about the pope? This is really smart. Talks to God. You have to No, I think you grind it. I don't think he's not magic. Talks to God. He acts like he does. He fakes the fun. Other popes like You go back like four popes. You can find an Italian pope. Yeah, easy. I guess Tony Soprano is balding. Tony is very smart. But he's not Italian. Oh, he is a super genius though. He leads the mob. That's true. Super genius. I work in sanitation. And Uncle June, too. He's bald, but he's old. I feel like you made an incredible amount of cars. In my head, I'm seeing a a pink polo Italian with a Ferrari hat and really short shorts. And that's an Italian man and flip-flops or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or like dresses polo shirt. We got to kill that guy. I feel like this is a thing. If you look up Italian polo and hat, it'll Italian polo and hat. Show me. Come up. Zipper. Show me Italian polo and hat. Zipper. Show me the Italian man, please. Man. Man, man. Man, man. Wait, these are hype. These are kind of These are kind of cool. That one just says Italian stallion on it. Italian man with Italian man with Dude, you're so pathetic. Uh, chachi. Can go to church with me. Mid journey. Fake Italians. Do you Do you guys know what a dumpling pinch is? Like like the actual dump the way you close the strategy of how you itch your balls. Oh, you pinched the You pinched the pinch roll. There's no name for it, but it's an intuitive thing. I found Exactly. I found out the name this week. It's called a dumpling. That's not the name. Who named it? Who Who told you? Well, I intuitively knew what he was talking about. I think that's a good name. See, but do we need to name this? Yeah, I feel like this is a good name. Nut grit. Like you're at the you're at the hospital and you have a ruptured uh you have a ruptured nut sack. And the doctor says, "Well, what? Tell me exactly what happened." If I'm like, "Well, I was scratching my nuts." He's like, "Scratch it?" Doesn't make sense. The rupture feels like there's there's been a twist involved. That doesn't make any sense. But if I say, "I dumpling pinched it." Could you Oh, right. A medical term. You just say, "I pinched it. I pinched." No, a pinch wouldn't do it. There's a twist between my fingers. It's a different type of pinch. And if you want to say that many words, you go ahead. You know, some of us have because you'll be dead by then. But I'm going to say dumpling pitch and write a save your life. Who taught you this? I learned it from Jack. Who the hell is Jack? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is Jack? That's my friend. You have a friend named Jack. You have friend Gumar's. I hate when he does this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My friend Jack. My friend Gumar. He's a friend Gumar. Go ahead. What else did Jack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do? Jack. Did he cornhole you in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It felt really good. Jack mostly taught me about pinching my dumpling. Oh yeah. So he pinched your dumpling for you? No. No, he gave me Did he give you 9 in down your mouth? Okay, this is getting cuz Jack is gay and Jack's boyfriend was at the wedding. So I see you have a problem here that you have another Gumar [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ho. I'm not hoing around at the wedding [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] basketball thing. That's not hoing around. Actually is. It's a little bit. It's a little bit. But we have to keep her options open, don't we? Are you close? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] close. You should play. You should play. I want to play. I just I love you the most. I played basketball in New Hampshire and I I played against actually guys who didn't realize it was me then slowly realized it was me. And what was the Cuz I saw you miss three jump shots. We were just playing and then they go, "What do you do?" And I was like I was like, "I just work in LA." And then what a weird answer. That's just I work in LA. That sounds way worse. That sounds like you like shoot dirty parts. I just work in LA. Like you're really ashamed. I should work in LA cuz you know there's going to be a follow-up. They're going to say doing work. There was no followup. And then they're like, "All right, cool. Cool." And then they're like, "You from here?" I was like, "Yeah, from here." I was like, "Oh, cool." I was like, "You look familiar. You you graduate from like dairy." I was like, "No." Cuz they went to dairy. I was like, "I went to HB." And then they're like, "All right, cool." They're like, "You YouTube?" Uh, you say, "Yes, I'm Veritassium." And then I And then I had to win, Aiden. And then I had to win the game. They do. You bald out? Yes, I won. I won the first game and then the second game it was it was it was one point off winning and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] backed this this small powerful man to the rim and then I turned in and I crushed my knee and it hurts now and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up on my knee and you had to act chill about it. You had to be like, "No, I limped off. You'll be fine." I limped off after my game winner. I mean, I will be fine, but it took two months after Cam [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it the first time. Hey, just messaging you say my girlfriend got a vagina filled with cement by accident. So, unlucky me. But I keeping you on keeping you on my mind in case that it kills her. That's what you're doing alone. That's what you're doing to me. That's what I'm doing. I wouldn't maybe have phrase it equally, but yes. It would have taken me years to come up with that analogy. I And here's the thing. It would have taken monkeys weeks and I'm in the middle. Uh, I did I did go to uh a wedding in Maryland and before that I went to my brother's graduation on Vancouver Island and I met my or not met but I hung out with my cousins for the first time in a really long time that live there and one of them she's she's 15 and I haven't seen her in a really long time since she was a little kid. She apparently had shown a friend of hers at school a picture of me and Mr. base together from the podcast we did and she was like, "This is my cousin." And then her friend just I don't believe you. Like they just refused refused to believe her. That lesbian woman is not your cousin. Mr. Beast only hangs out with poor college students. And because and because we haven't hung out or taken a picture in in so many years, she had no way of proving this. She's just like, "My last name's the same." Like, she thought it was going to be her ticket in. She thought she was going to cruise right to the cool kids table. And then apparently she's never brought it up again because she she just can't prove sad prove it. Dude, Mr. Beast runs those schools. I know. No, when I showed my nieces and nephews Mr. Beast and they got the pick, they they before they even got to school, they started texting their friends like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's Look at this. Look at Look at what we did. Look at what we did, dude. Of course, I'm going to go flex at school if something like that happens to me. Yeah. I just They didn't even wait to get to school to flex. They weren't even like It wasn't even like Cuz I would wait like, "What'd you do this weekend?" And then it be like, "Oh boy." You know what's funny to think about is like if it's Lacy, maybe you don't show the people at school, dude. He's got a thing about Lacy. Have you noticed this? Yeah. Since the adapt episode, have you Have you watched a single Lacy video? You do keep talking. I guess I'm back to the old me. I was back to bullying and harassing. I'm not Shut up. That's ver verbatim what you're doing. Excuse me. Yeah, you're excused. Bullying and harassing. That's just Am I off base? Yeah, you're off base. You haven't watched a video. Why would I watch a video? So, it's not based in evidence or proof. All I just said was that Lacy is a less cool thing to show your friends in middle school than Mr. You know what I saw in LSF? Lacy got accused of view botting on Kick. I saw that. I saw that. Yeah. So, this is Okay. What? I see where you're forming your opinion. I'm I'm talking with my friend. kind of a Redditor. I'm lying Redditor. And then in the thread, people were being like really mean to Lacy and saying that it makes sense that he bots because his content doesn't make any sense. Now, did Now, did Livy get rised up at any point during this? No. Cuz I don't want to report on. No. He Baby Rock rips off his mask. It's Lacy. She got confused. She got in trouble. She got in trouble. Oh, I'll fix it. What happened? She wore an LSU Paul Skins jersey and LSU the school reprimanded her cuz she's not allowed to uh tamper with official school jerseys. What? Pride with their college. Why did school become cool in college? What do you mean? In high school, we go school sucks and I hate teachers and I hate the tension. And then we get to college and everyone's like, I have pride. I think school is awesome. Don't talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on my school cuz I paid five figures. Schools are still cops. cuz I paid cops. Cops schools are just kind of like uh like mall cops. Schools are cops. Cops are cops. Landlords are cops. Landlords are cops. And also colleges do bigger things. So people like being associated with it, you know, like if you went to Alabama. Yeah. Maybe the education wasn't the best. Yeah. But your football team's great. Maybe they only have ouses and no bathrooms on the campus. Oh, this is all true. I also Well, their football team's phenomenal. They still got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the little in in a little pale. Sweet Sweet Home Alabama came on at this wedding and apparently it's a Alabama thing to you just throw in roll tide in the middle of the song. I learned that this weekend. What line? I It's I think it's during the course of Alabama and then everybody just I got an idea. I got an idea. T-shirt. Alabama U. What is it? What's this? What's the big one? University of Alabama. Yeah. UA U of A. It says, "Save a horse. Ride a lunch lady." Al Uova. I don't think it's UVA. And on the back there's like a like a milk and an apple. No, hold on. Is a lunch lady at the college? Yeah, of course. What? There's a cafeteria at the college. Yeah, but there's not lunch ladies. No, there are. But you I feel like a little lunch ladies graduate with us, too. No, they come with Wait, my lunch ladies got accepted into I feel like the lunch ladies the lunch ladies at the at college are usually other college students that work at the cafeteria. Okay. No, a college Chipotle. That's a lunch lady. That's not a Chipotle employee. College the college campus Starbucks. They don't make it the same. But the campus Starbucks talking about is just a 21-year-old junior at the college. I think lunch lady maybe is in this context more appropriate than being 14 and sleeping with your lunch lady at high school which god forbid could ever happen to any of us. I think I think a lunch lady in high school versus college is the same difference from a school bus driver to like a dash driver. The dash public bus driver city bus driver. Well, that's not even a school. So that's just a dumb thing to say. A bus is not a school. Lwig, you lose a point. A city isn't a school. is also you also should have tried this guy. I should have tried this guy. My bad. That's my bad. Um, save a horse, ride a lunch lady. But it's like it says, but it's like a it's a high school like team. That's the funny one. Oh, yeah. You know what I mean? Like it's not a college team. Yeah. Like uh like modern day high or something. Yeah. Dude, if I we could go back and be a high schooler again and also have a screen printer at home, I would be rich. I'd be I'd be like adapt making 8K a month with t-shirts. Making t-shirts. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you my brain now though. I need my current brain in high school. I'm glad you didn't grow up with like drop shipping tools. Oh, I'd be so rich. I don't think you'd be in this room right now. I don't think you'd be so rich. But you don't hit the trick shot. I don't know. I think that maybe I think I was I think like a predetermined type of thing. Like I think like you know I don't think I had free will to hit that. I think you were control. That was a good exploration of I think is I have free will now. I think I was on a path towards that moment and now I'm in the Donnie Darko like alt timeline where I can kind of control my destiny. Yeah. Yeah. But it's still going to end with you dying while beating off. Well, it's an unstable timeline. Yeah, of course. It's going to explode at some point. You know his alternate ending um that he beats off and dies. Yeah. He's like beating off at his computer and then he dies. It's spoilers at the end. This is Darko. And then it's the start of the Robin Williams movie where he walks in and it's his son beating off at his desk dying. What? I never saw that. What movie is that? What is this? It's the movie. I thought we saw it together. No. Robin Williams. Yeah. Yeah. It's called like Dad of the Year. World's greatest dad. Maybe. Definitely not. I would have remembered that every minute of that. His son and he'sating, selfixating while beating it. Oh my god. And then he strangles himself to death. Well, now well now I don't think that's the world's greatest dad. Well, there's got to be someone else in line. It's almost like some irony in the title and Robin Williams has to grapple with being the father who missed this. Who missed the chance to stop him from beating himself off, right? That's terrible. No, we did not watch that movie together. That was you and somebody else. Pull Robin Williams dad son beats himself off. Self asyxiate. Rule 34. Chill chill. Sorry. Robin Williams beats off his son. Can't breathe. Some of these words are correct. Just put them together. Robin Williams awesome dad beats off his son and then at the end forever. You better hope this is a real movie. Forever Drake. Oh, look at that. World's greatest dad. There it is. Okay. Do you knock? Is this like a short film? No, this is a fulllength feature film. That's too sad. And this is Robin Williams. Oh my god. Yeah, I'm not looking. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what I would say. Oh, he's alive. Dead. Oh, that's bro. That's Bro from Spy Kids. That's Juny. Jesus Christ. Jun's beating off. Look, it's him. Juny beats. My god. I knew the spy kids universe probably did something bad. What a dangerous way to beat off. Yeah. I mean, I guess it's a part of the movie's message to us. I told you guys there's a kid in my kid in my school who died that way. Really? Whoa. That's crazy. They made a movie about him and and his dad was Robin Williams. Can you die when you do it on the X-axis like that? Yeah. I think cuz you just fall forward and then I feel like you the whole way to your body, right? The issue that I've heard, not from experience, okay, is that people people will put on like a belt around their neck, but then they'll start choking and they're not able to get the belt off in time. And I would imagine what could happen is you pass out and then you start leaning forward. You're done. And then you're done with one final nut. But the nut probably feels awesome. Yeah, that's the whole goal of it. Trying I'm trying to live it right now. I'm trying to will my mentally get that. But okay, that was that was the end of Donnie Darko, but they changed it because they're cowards. Yeah, that is scared. I remember I I I kept thinking back after you hit the trick shot is like all those nights where I would see Nick at [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 3:00 a.m. in the piggy PC just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing some making it say Red Bull presents PS. And now guess what? I made Facebook, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know. All those nights in my dorm. You made Facebook. I also made Facebook this week. What happened this week? I tweeted out uh something I was I forget even. I was Oh, yeah. Are there any real eaters that just power through the OMIC and it hit normie Twitter and and now they put it on Facebook like on a picture of a cheeseburger. Isn't that funny? Yeah, it's happening too. I seen the subreddit to Xbox 360 summer. That's what I was going to say. You reminded me. I thought you meant like the Ompic subreddit. I have a I have a bad I have a business proposition for you. You ready? Yeah, please. Okay, so I've been tweeting for a while. It's an Xbox 360 summer and just crickets on the timeline. Just my lowest liked tweets. And then I hit the trick shot and all of a sudden people are going back. They're they're looking at my Twitter. They're seeing it's an Xbox 360 summer. They're going, "Oh, I didn't realize the vibes are real. They're retweeting it." I've gotten at least 200 DMs of pictures of 360s that have just been purchased. People saying, "I went out and got mine. It's an Xbox 360 summer." Now, when I I play COD 4 and Modern Warfare 2 probably like right now, like most nights, I'll queue at like 8 9:00 p.m. There's always someone in my game that has yard in the clan tag or PSL in the clan tag or like something. There's people online. These silvers are these servers are filling up. But you're about to put out a video. Mhm. You throw in one hashtag in that video, it says Xbox 360 summer. We're going to change the world, Bloodig. We're talking Twitch. Twitch 2 high fidelity. This problem, we can fight. We can fight. You put You put one hashtag over a black screen#. Keep put # Xbox 360 end of the video. I don't even care the question. Nick, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you have hashtag in a little video? Callus. Oh, you're you're call to call Matus. That's Jake Drizzle's first name. You think he's awake? Well, I say it with the You think he's awake? Do I think he's awake at 136? Good friend. I'd say it like Yo, I'm live in the yard. Oh, say what do you mean? Oh, like you're not going to watch this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Wait, hold [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Wait, I'm music playing. One sec. Wait, what are you doing? I was like, why [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you play music? What's up? Uh, okay. I You're editing the PSL video. Yeah. Yes, sir. Nick has a request from you. Okay. You want me to make it, please? Okay. Hey, Shake. Uh, Drizz. Hey. Hey, Nick. Hey. You know, you know me. I'm always putting you on, giving you free shows at the at the PSL. By free, I mean I don't pay you. Um, exposure. But it's exposure obviously. Yeah. And PSL PSL stock is really high, right? And you know, you know how that's good for you. Yeah. Yeah. The the house DJ. It's all making sense. Okay. So, it's an Xbox 360 summer. I think you know that. Um, you've probably seen the tweets. Um, yeah, it's going viral. If you put #xbox 360 summer as a screen in that video, think about how big PSL would get. M and then think about how big Drizz Do I even need to say it? Drizz DJed PSL. Right. I could use like more people dancing for sure. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. You need one person, bro. Sorry. See, that's your boss who said that. That's my bad. That's your boss who said that. But if you ever want to have like maybe a safety net somewhere you can jump to, right? You sneak in Xbox 360 summer with a hashtag and you put it in the video and we make we make the summer the greatest we've ever had. Shake. I'm doing it right now. All I ask is I get an Xbox so I can join. Deal. Wow. That's great. I pay him so much. You can just buy. All right. See you. Good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. Good. Good deal. All right. See you. See you soon, bro. Damn. Annie hung up. You know what's funny? You could have squeeze him for a check. Huh? I would do that. That's my friend. Mhm. Why not? Cuz I don't squeeze my friends for checks. Squeeze them for a check. I don't squeeze my friends for checks. Bro, what if someone called you up and like, "Put this hashtag in your video." I'd pay $800 to talk to you about One Piece, man. You don't get me, bro. But can I ask you a question? What happens at when summer ends? I don't even It ends with a bang. I don't even know if I want to think about that. But this is It might be a big group suicide. What? It might be like a big My next tweet is going to be like, "Now drink your Kool-Aid." It's like a Disney Channel movie where summer never ends. It's like the movie ends when summer's over. Yeah. Okay. But but the implication is that it wasn't just summer. It's actually going to be the rest of our lives cuz Xbox 360 autumn doesn't really have the the ring to it. Well, we have the big We should do a big finale at Fast 52. Like a rematch. We We get a rematch going. Oo, that's hype. We'll go get the pyramid the Luxer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, wow. Get Kelby to get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] test at the test here. Yeah. Not at the Luxer. Not I guess we're doing it somewhere else, but Yeah. Maybe we do it at the Luxer. Maybe do at the sphere. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Let's play on the sphere. That's what I was going to say. On the outside. That would be so miserable. Yeah. You guys are playing from helicopters. That'd be pretty much the coolest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever. Mr. Beast could get this done. He could get it done and he would have the worst gameplay of all time. Oh, right. Cuz he'd want to play. Do you think that he could hire enough people to become one of the greatest or you think he just doesn't have that dog in him? Like could he learn to be the greatest if he hired coaches and stuff? Yeah, he put like a million dollars into his coaching. More more. Yeah, I think he would just have to be obsessed. I I don't know if he ever be the He'd be very good. I just I think I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] natty him. No training. I think I just No matter what he does, no training. Why? You have to You have to believe in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this. I do. But but also even Mango practices. So Mango practices. You know what I'm saying? He's Mango, dude. That's different than Mr. Beast. Yeah. Golden Glove Jimmy. Yeah. Leo probably believes he could be Mr. Beast. He was actually lowkey he actually could have gone pro. Been what? He was good at baseball. Baseball. Mr. Beast. Did he tell us this? I forget. No, I don't think so. But he had good ass baseball stats. Riff says he almost played for the Toronto Raptors. I can believe that cuz he said he said in a lyric he said the way I ball I should have played for Toronto Raptors. And then someone interviewed him and said, "What's that about?" He's like, "Yeah, I was at the tryyouts." Oh, yeah. But like I was at Genesis. That's diffy. I think is it? You got to be selected to get the tryyouts. Sometimes like he's playing college ball and then he realized I could actually just do candy paint jobs a lot better and also sell CDs at the mall a lot better. How tall is he? Riffraff. Yeah. Zipper Google. My guess is 6'3. Nah. Six. Yeah. 6'3 maybe. 6'4. That's okay. Like on that court 63. It's crazy that 6'3 is short in the NBA. He's 6'2. It's not going to happen. That's tough, bro. Wait, riff raff basketball. Give me that Google. I think average NBA height 66. It's crazy, dude. That's wild. Average. Yeah. Yeah, man. You want to hear some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you're 7 feet tall, Jody Buckets roof raft can hoop for real. Jody Buckets pulls up. That's awesome. This is from the Hoop Diamonds YouTube page. I think he did a lot of bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if I remember, but he's pretty awesome minus the stuff. Whatever he did, I don't remember what it is, dude. Just replace that with any back pass. What do we got? Oh, behind the back pass. Don't give me a replay. What? Splash. Woo. That's from three. He's currently pro. He was he was on this like gaining weight arc where he was like trying to get really big and muscular and he ate he was eating like 5,000 calories a day. Yeah. He said uh put on 50 lbs like that damn Sammy Sosa. Did it go cuz the ball? Yeah. He just didn't go in. Amazing highlight. Yeah. It reminds me of like if you ever watch Flight, watch his uh highlight. Wait, that was a highlight cuz he dribbled behind his back. Click back arrow. No, this is like Flight looking at his own highlights. Does he do that? Flight looks at his own highlights. It'll be something like this. He He'll He has a He'll do like a replay with like the iMovie replay thing and he'll and he'll narrate it and he'll be like, "Watch it again. Look at the move behind the back here." He'll slow down every single Yeah. He's awesome. And he'll laugh like a dolphin. Yeah. If you're over 7 feet tall, an American Yeah. and a man. Yeah. There's a 17% chance you become a professional basketball player in the NBA. 17%. So high. So high. Is that just like everyone who's over 7 feet divided by the number of people who are that in the NBA? Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. 17% of them. Crazy. That's wild. It's wild. Basketball is no skill. I think that's true. No skill at all. Some of us when we play, we just don't try. You have a 20% chance of joining the NBA if you can do the you can't reach this thing and you can hold their head and be like you can't get the ball and I can dunk without jumping. I think that's why people are fans of the shorter more technical players like Kyrie Irving instead of Rudy Gobear. Rudy Gobaron. The Rudy Goar is the Hunger Box. That's fire. That's pretty awesome. [Music] What did I say? Goaron. Rudy Gobar. You just said go Maron. Go Maron. Go Maron. You did that an accident. That's crazy. You're You are I'm I woke up. You're a special genius. I woke up late. Uh dude, New Hampshire changed. How did it change? Drastically. Three points lighter without you around. Three points lighter for sure. Three points lighter. They have more uh ethnic people. Oh, okay. Is that what you're about to gripe about? No. Oh, it's something It would be something he'd say, huh? Yeah. Yeah, I do. But I wasn't going to bring it up to be clear. And so what do you think we should do about this problem? No. No. The the actual issue is uh there are casinos everywhere. Really? Everywhere. Aren't those those like busted ass ones though where it's like a $100 max and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So they used to have a law that was the max bet was $4. And so there would be casinos at like the boardwalk as like, you know, mostly a bar, but they have like games you can bet a lot. Like Mississippi Stud, it's a game where you can bet up to like nine times. So the $4 goes a little deeper as opposed to like blackjack. No one's playing $4 blackjack, right? Not a lot of people like to play it at least. Uh they changed the law. They upped it to 50. Uhoh. And then the casinos just started [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] breaking the law. So, what they did is you can play blackjacks. It's $50 max bet, but they have four places you can bet. Oh my god. You can max bet all of them and you can max bet all of them and it's just one hand still. So, are they are they acting like it's multiple seats at the table, but really it's not? No. No. It's not even like you're just making four wagers on one outcome. You're just It's four separate wagers on one outcome and each is individual. So, not one bet. It it is one bet. Casinos are really good at doing this. I've said this before, but in Los Angeles casinos, there's just a person sitting there who has literally 100k in chips and you're playing against them technically. You're not allowed to play against an establishment. You're allowed to play against other players. So, you're playing against someone just sitting there just handing out chips. I It is totally skirting, I think, the uh like the goal of the law. And now $200 max bet. And there's no limit necessarily. You can just keep adding spot if you wanted. They could they could add 10 spots if they really wanted. Yeah. And it's it's up to the the New Hampshire sort of legal team to crack down on this if they want. But you know what? They get paid. Well, yeah. And also live free or die. Live or die. Can you look up the Nash? Live free or die up to $50. Uh the old mall that I used to go to, Feeasant Lane Mall. It like, you know, just a regular ass mall. I was driving around it. Every single store is empty. The casino's in the mall. The parking lot for the casino was packed. I had to park at Buffalo Wild Wings and walk over. That's all anyone does in New Hampshire anymore. Go to images. That's all anyone does in New Hampshire anymore is they just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gamble. God, you should have got a piece of this. Wait, this was a mall. This This was like a Sears at the mall and they've basically taken over. Wait, the Buffalo Wild Wings looks immaculate. Uh, it's beautiful. Buffalo Wild Wings. Closes before the Nash does, I'll tell you that much. But this place is insane. Yeah, this is cool. It's a really cool logo. Uh, and there's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dozens of of little casinos. Punching my waiter in the face at Bubs because my 10leg parlay didn't hit. It didn't used to be like this. Like these are new casinos. Are they just getting more traffic? No casino. When I was a kid, there was no casinos. Yeah. It would be sick to put your sports bet in over at the Nash and then just walk to BDubs and watch the result. Yeah. And then you beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of whoever's in Eyeshot because the the Steelers and I'm doing the Hotwing challenge over at B-Dubs at the same time. I think we're going full Australia as a country. What does that mean? We we we don't have any healthcare that isn't gated by payment. I mean, if you look, the average Australian gamles like twice as much as the second uh country Whoa. in casino. They just g they gamble way more than any other country. We're not that DJ yet. I think we're getting there. We're We'll We'll never truly have it as a country because we have states and states are different and there's 50 of them. Yeah. Yeah, but I created market capitalism. I think I think the sports books have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cracked this. 72% of Australian adults gambled within the previous 12 months. And the average Australian gambles $900. Maybe they're just gambling every time they leave their house. I've seen those spiders and those gators. They gambled their lives. And the UV. They're gambling with a hole in the ozone layer. Yeah. Uh yeah. I think I look I think we're going down this path because you know what I did? I did something sick. I was watching the Pacers and and I've been ruined for I've been what? No, just what more? Well, what about you just predicting world events? Well, you wait. You've been watching the Pacers? I've been watching the Pacers. Do they have a Japanese player? They don't. Okay. So, you really like basketball now. That's crazy. Cool. For you. But I was like, I was waiting for this game to come on and right before it does, I check Robin Hood just to see the old account. Just I was perusing. Yeah, your PL Palanteer stock and I'm checking my Palanteer sock in my Loheed Martin and I went score big things happening in Iran. Yeah. Oh, they just launched a new product. Uh, and then I scroll down a bit and they have uh they have sports betting on Robin Hood. What? No way. Yeah. It's called betting futures. Come on. You bet futures on the results of of the NBA finals and there's maybe a point spread. Listen, based off the market, you could get two to one odds for the Pacers to win. And it's different than a bet cuz you can technically sell at any point based off the value the market perceives it to be. And you could like you could take a bunch of the futures on the NBA Finals and like package them together to like diversify the risk. Yeah, dude. Sort of a parlay. They're going to go this route. But I'm telling you, like that's what I mean when it's like I don't think it's like up to the states anymore. Do you want to be a billionaire? Yeah, please. I have a billion dollar idea. I would love to hear it. He never starts. He never says B. That's a hundred of his normal ideas. We're going to make an app. We're going to call it penis bets. I'm going to put that right out right now. We're going with penis bets. Okay. And what we're going to do is we're going to start streaming PSL and you can bet on the outcome. And guess what? Insider info. Just you and me. We're throwing matches. It's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fixed. It's all fixed and we're going to make a billion dollars because of Xbox 360 summer. I've already been doing this in tier 2 Valerant. So, this is just dude. Yeah. Look, what do we what are we getting? $500 for a throne game. That's disgusting. You get great odds if you bet on the Pacers tonight. This is This is Stop encouraging us in our This is bad. Our teenage fans. I know it's bad. I know it's bad. I'm telling you. This is an epic. You're participating, huh? But you're a participator. Yeah, because I'm I'm weak. Yeah, that's cool. I'm weak. I'm weak willed. I love gambling. And the only thing that stops you from gambling is that it's hard to gamble. It's so funny, dude. I don't g I I just There's no reason for me to gamble anymore. Every time I gamble, I was like, I'm going to hit it big and then I'll get all the things I want. But I have all the things I want now. I go play poker with Miles. I just hang out. Like I'll play some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not trying I'm not sweating over pots. We're not the same. It's I guess we're not. I still like But I'm the degenerate guy. I'm 100K down lifetime. I mean, you know what I'm saying? Like, damn. It's got It's more, right? Probably 100K. I've I've done some some napkin math, but you know, I haven't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to go to Vegas. Can we go to Vegas? Like 2 years. Yeah, I need to go. It would be fun. I'll go. What I'm saying is it doesn't get my dick hard the way it used to. But your dick is just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freaking out every time you get a whiff of the Pacers. You want it? It's like you wanted to be on Robin Hood. I I Yes. I actually kind of want to online gamble and I always have. Okay. When I watched Train do it, I wanted to do it, too. Well, Train was just a legendary stream. I would hold myself and I'd say, "I'm not going to make a sake account. I'm not going to get a VPN. Too much effort. Not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put it into crypto and then cash out." So, it was the effort which stopped me. The layers of friction, but now the layers of friction are it's literally the app that I have. Uh, that's right. It's the app that I have and the money's in the app. Aiden, the money's in the app. All the All those Palunteer uh profits go right into Indiana. I could sell all of my Palunteer stock, which is 90% of it. Auto should make you auto should make you an extension for like your Chase app and you just do it right in the app, dude. Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Just direct direct deposit to the bet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or maybe your your direct deposit that goes to your account just goes like straight to the casino. You never even get the money. God, that'd be so sick. I I think I dead assass. We should make a You know how some people have companies where Okay, so like you get your you get your paycheck early because you're like paying a little bit of your paycheck as a fee? Have you seen those companies? Yeah. Payday loans. Yeah. Yeah. So we make an app like that except 30% of every single paycheck just goes to the casino, dude. Well, you bet on it. Well, the casino is where it ends up eventually, but we give them the illusion that they're betting on some sort of wager. We are We are experts and we're going to put it on. It's almost like stocks. Let's get in touch with Gracie. That guy. It's like Acorn. Okay. It's like Acorn but a casino. It's like one of those apps that rounds up the dollar of every purchase you make and then at the end of the month you get to put it all on on on any game. So, you get to pick. Do you want roulette? Do you want blackjack? I don't I lit I don't think we should air this. I think we should do it. I think we should do it. If you guys want to make a bunch of money and we shouldn't leak this cuz you already know that someone out there is probably an awesome because then if you lose you're like it was the pennies anyway. It was just the pennies. It was just the pennies. Anyway, it rounded up to 300 after an aggressive portfolio. Dude, I remember reading reading the old Bitcoin forums. I used to read them a lot because I was all curious. Uh back when Bitcoin was like $500 or something before it like exploded. And there were people talking about like rationalizing in seven paragraphs like, "Yeah, I lost 7,000 on Bitcoin, but if I lost it and I'm still here and I'm still alive, it doesn't mean I really lost anything." Like at the table. Yeah. Real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And these these people are typing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out like they're the first person ever to rationalize like a gambling loss. Um but it just reminded me that also those old trade streams train there was these crazy like he would he would talk about like this arcane knowledge. He's like yeah you got to get on like the Iceland vpn IP address and he's also like I don't want to switch off uh this slot right now. I'm too deep in the seed. I'm too deep in the BTC seed. I'm not going to switch to Ethereum. Like it's a war zone server with horse players. It's actually real. But yeah, it's like it's just real gambler [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz like you the gamblers are superstitious and you take every single It's not even superstitious. They've like cracked the back end of the slots and discover that there are seeds and that it's supposed to max win in like a 100,000 spins. But that's just what do you call it? Gamblers's fallacy. Like no, but like it literally will pay out within 100,000 spins. At least one max win. And by max win I don't mean like the highest amount you can make. like the free bets, like the free rolls or whatever, like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fun time with book book. Yeah. And so what people do sometimes, they'll sell or buy the seed. Yeah. They'll buy the seed from somebody else. Pay. Yeah. Slots do that in Vegas, too. The the ones that have to hit a progressive. Yeah. But yeah, uh it was it was always fun listening to his like 36 hour like 36th hour being live just talking about the seed and how he needs to change his VPN IP address right now. He streams no more, does he? I don't know. Well, it was since weirdly enough, when he went to kick, I just never watched him again. It's just layers of friction. There's nothing I really There's just other high. Okay, what if we take what if we what if we got someone smart to figure out all the computer technical stuff? We got a Minecraft map and we made it like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like 100 times bigger. Like, it's so much bigger and deeper. It's crazy. And all the diamond is replaced with Bitcoin and you have to physically go find it and you can't cheat. So, you got to just dig and it's you're mining for Bitcoin. But somehow the hardware of your computer is like actually mining for Bitcoin. So it like actually works. You know what I'm saying? Did we get a piece of this? The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] diamond. Where's our Where's our piece? We made the game, so we're already I think it's already that we're embedding a Bitcoin miner into this Minecraft. So your CPU's or your GPU is running like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Your computer's screaming. It's doing like a like a train like a train whistle. Yeah, but you're getting 0. It's like the bear in a what's that? Annihilation. Oh man, dude. I remember when Ethereum came out. Remember Video Waffles? Just put together a PC, put it in his closet, and just started mining it. Yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. And it just like I wish that was me back then. That was so sick, dude. I called my uncle and he used to mine Bitcoin and I was talking to him about it and he was like, he actually sold a good chunk of it when it hit 100K. I was like, good on you. But he had he had mined like for 10 years and he had mined a total of like 20 Bitcoin. Whoa. Over the course of 10 years and sold at various points. Sure. And uh and I was like, "Yeah, that was smart of you." And then he's like, "You want to know why I originally started mining?" I was like, "Yeah, why?" He was like, "I wanted to find a way to keep my garage warm cuz he lives in Sweden." Oh my god. So he just put You have geniuses in your family. You've never told us this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's not a genius. He could This guy's a genius. bought a space heater and Yeah. And then that would probably give him 20 bitcoin. Yeah. Yeah. He he the space heater would probably get 20 bitcoin. He literally wanted he wanted to get a heater that paid for itself. That is so he mined bitcoin. Literally genius. He mined bitcoin and that heated it up and then it paid for the heater. I do wonder if it paid for it. It easily paid for obviously cuz it's like got insane. But it would have paid for I mean if at the rate it was selling at it would have paid for it because it wasn't like you needed tens of dollars. Incoin now is crazy amount of money, right? Yeah. each $200. Oh my god. God, crypto is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cring. Everyone who likes crypto is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] our apps. We have so many app ideas right now. Let's get your uncle in. Your rich uncle. Let's give him like a weird problem. Let's make him kind of cold to get hungry. And he'll think of a good Spence uncle. We need to take all right. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to go to Lwick's uncle. We're going to steal all his clothes. Naked uncle. Naked uncle. He gets cold. Uncle. He gets cold. We put him in the garage. We tie him up. Yep. car battery to the nipples. We're not going to use it. It's just for intimidation. And we say, "Come up with an idea." Now, Sav say come up with an idea. We just go, "You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cold and you're in a garage now." And we lock the door. And he he's probably on with his mind moving like a million miles per second, he's probably going to be like, "I should probably cure cancer and I should probably that'll keep me warm." And he'll invent like a new type of We give him a whiteboard and that's it. Yeah. We give him a whiteboard and we give him maybe like we give him some cir Strowman. He can listen to like Neil Degrass Tyson's podcast. It's like putting uh the the headphones to the baby inside your Mozart. Yeah. Let's get your naked uncle in here. I need to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pick his brain and and pinch his dumplings. Yeah. And pinch his dumpling. You ever think the smartest person in the world's wasting their life playing Fortnite? Yeah. Just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mega genius. The smartest person in the world is wasting their life making like an emulator that runs 1% faster for a Neo Geo. There there is there too many niche hobbies now. So we're not building rocket ships. It's just it's just the case. Do you mean current smart or the person with the brain capable of becoming the smartest easily? Probably that that one. Yeah, they're definitely wasting their time. Yeah, they're probably watching One Piece actually is what I thought. I think they're just a quant. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you just call me? Are you allowed to say that? I will clothesline you. Sorry. It might have. We might be learning a lesson like slime did a few weeks ago on that one. What is quant? Like like quantitative like they like a Yeah, quantitative. That's like a kind of like an account. You work you work in finance and you uh at like a hedge fund and then you do complicated math to like draw parallels between crazy factors that business majors illuminate illuminates uh the delta to create to create profit for we're going to be that's one that's some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you say in a meeting and we're going to be illuminating the delta illuminate the delta. So we're going to need a big investment. Dude, when I was a little kid I thought that it was pronounced pina. Mhm. Yeah. You guys ever like vagina was that way? I thought until middle school I thought it was pina. A lot of people I I've heard pag a lot of situations where kids said pagina. I remember growing up. You having those conversations a lot? Yeah. About the vagina. I recall. And Aiden goes actually vagina. And uh Oh, did you well actually those kids? Uh I don't think I had the knowledge to well actually about vaginas. So you Yes. Anded the vagina. Yeah, I think I just dug into that. I thought about that the other day. I was like, I thought babies used to get made by rubbing two penises together. I don't know. That's That was like my best guess. That's why you became bisexual. You're like, I want kids. Being gay is not a choice. You were I thought you did not have free will in that decision. We all got penises. Dude, my my gangster ass as a kid, I intuited that the pee hole was a different hole from the the natty. That's crazy. I natted. Someone told me that and I was like, "Yeah, what do you mean?" Duh. That's I think you're lying. I'm not lying. You're straight up. Why would I make that up? I thought out of their butts till I was like 13. This is your Golden Glove, Marquez. Yes. This is mine. I just I was just like, "Well, yeah, duh. I don't I don't know if I believe him. I don't I I just can't." Well, you've never just kind of You never just kind of felt something off a vibe. Let's get the car battery. My vibe was that it's called Pacina and it's terrifying and I have nothing more to say about that. I have I have Super Smash Brothers to play. Oh yeah. Um once I I've already said this, but one time I played the word come and boggle verse my mom. I shouldn't have done that. And I'm still embarrassed about it cuz she was like, "You know what that is?" And I was like, "No." And then she had to explain it to me and I was like, "This is really embarrassing. Should your mom ever give you the talk?" Your French ass mom. No, I think she vaguely said use condoms. But she but she never she was like use protection. She never talked to you about sex and what it was or did she just give you a pack of cigarettes? Yeah. No, she said smoke one of these after. It's going to be the best night of your life. You're going to enjoy it very much. Uh my mom said wear protection. I dumb ass went in with a gun. All right. Yeah, my stupid ass went in with a undressing loading a gun. You're like I really like you by the way. Where do I put it? Cuz honestly, I'm scared of it. My mom told me to bring this. I don't think I ever got to talk. My mom once, she was like, "Do you know how babies are made?" And I was like, "Yep." And she was like, "Okay, great. We don't have to." Yeah. She was excited. That's the kind of I think my mom expected my dad to do it. And my dad expected to get away with thinking my mom thinking he did do it. So, it was kind of a stalemate where she he probably at one point told her, "Oh, yeah. I talked to him about it." And I just found out on YouTube or something. Yeah. From that one video with it with a camera in that woman's pine. Oh, yeah. Did you get to talk? Yeah. In fifth grade because I there was a your dad's got a bar like a Ken and a Barbie. He's like in important one's Barbie lifting up another. It won't work if there's two kids. It doesn't work the other way. We've tried. This is You might be curious. No, I I I got like a there was a book in the library at school in in fifth grade and I it was about puberty and and sex and it just it had kind of everything in it just explaining like you know adolescence I guess and I remember reading it. I took it out and I was reading it during I don't know reading time in a class and there's naked people in it and someone else in the class like one of the girls got upset and said you shouldn't be reading that here and I was like uh I don't know it's in the library and such an Aiden answer it's in a library it's facts though I can read it it's facts they put it in school it's also this excuse my language narc [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is trying to stop my man from looking at some titties titties I draw in the public school in the illustrated book. It was This is out of private school. This is when I went to private school for a year and a half. I didn't know you went to private school for a year and a half. Only for for half of fourth grade and for fifth grade. Private school. So, wait what? So, at the end of half or the start like the second half of fourth grade, I think. So, like you got pulled out of I got pulled out of puby school and put in school. That can't be random. Nothing happened. It was just a good I think my parents just thought it was a good school. They were just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Switch servers. Yeah. They switched my server. that you said new server sucks and then new server was I mean fine until they took my booby book away and uh and that's how you learn and then it got the teacher took it but she seemed like conf she didn't seem mad it was very strange and then my mom I I had to meet with the teacher and my mom at the end of the day and then that night my dad was my dad would be gone like for work and my mom gave me the talk that night like and kind of like went through the book with me which was clearly even be really awkward for her And uh I remember one thing when she was explaining the part where you know a a man and a woman make a baby and uh she she was explaining like they get naked and and I was like why do they have to get like why would the woman get naked? You don't need to take your shirt off. If I remember asking that. Oh my god. And then later in your life, you would get scabies or get shingles and keep your shirt on to prevent it from getting on somebody else and then tell the partner, "Well, well, you don't need to take the shirt off." Full circle. Insane. It's really full circle. I hadn't really made that connection yet. Wow. Yeah, that was Yeah. Why can't she just bend over and then the the man just unzips his pants? I do feel like the birds and the bees is a difficult talk. We need like a up in the air movie with George Clooney, but he goes to different kids homes that if I got the talk. That's what I'm saying. Like I think frame one, you show me a vagina. I'm like the alphabet would probably Just give me the first sentence. I'm a I'm your kid now. I'm So you're my kid. Uh you're my father. You're explaining this to me. And this is the mother who's really shy. Are you dressed like that? He's my He's my older brother. What are you doing? Give me a little bit. Um I I was just in my room selfiating, jerking off cuz I heard you I heard you come in and then I switch one piece. I all tabbed. Okay. And I come in. Oh Jesus. Oh god. Monkey D Luffy. Okay. Um, dinner's ready. So, I'm going to So, the rest of our lives, I'm going to act like that didn't happen. Okay. And we're going to go back and I'm just going to I'm just going to be your stepdad. Okay. Okay. I'm your dad, right? You're my dad. Dad. Okay. I'm just going to be your stepdad. I'm not You don't I wanted you to call me dad. You don't have to call me dad anymore. I'm just stepdad. Okay. All right. But what are you What were you watching out of curiosity? I was watching One Piece. You watching porn? I come over. I scoot I sit I scoot over on the bed with you. I scoot down. I look and I'm look and we're looking at uh tell me try to describe your porn. Uh it's one piece rule 34. Okay. It's just Nami, but she's in Zoen bunny form cuz she ate a Zoen devil fruit. So now as a concerned father, I'm saying this this is my inner dialogue. Oh my god. Zipper her. We don't I'm like I'm method. I don't I'm not method. I guess you're not. I'm not method. I couldn't. No, no, no. I'm I'm drooling on the screen. Um, okay. So, I I now I just learned about cartoon porn cuz I'm an old school dad. I was beating off the Playboy. But I go, "Son, don't you you know that there's like real naked girls on the internet, right?" No, Nami. Nami is real. It's a zoen form, so it makes her into a bunny, but she's a real person normally. It's just a devil. No, let's check this out. We're going to We're going to look at something something that's going to be informative to you. I Google uh hardcore girl on girl. Um I covered in oil in in like a kiddie pool and then pull it up. It's sunscreen. Why are you looking at me? Son, look at the screen. Don't look at your father. Look at the screen. Okay, I'm looking at it. So you're saying you would clutch this by pulling up hardcore girl on girl? No, I just clutch that. I just want this in the middle of Birds and the Bees. Birds and the Bees showing two girls in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blow up and being like, you get a zero out of 10. Every boy, every boy learns that girls kiss before they learn how babies are made. Well, Jason, the layers, there's layers. You got to learn how awesome it is that sometimes girls kiss and you can be like, "Okay, wait. I'm sexually awakened. I get that now." And then we talk about how you use your penis. I think the first pornography I ever watched was a secure in a lesbian video. That was the first thing I ever watched. Interesting. I was trying to say. Yeah. I think because when you're a kid, you see porn, you're like, well, I don't want there to be a boy. I think I don't want to see a Well, I don't know. Maybe. But and then and then Well, no, no, Nick. I had that thought. I did have that thought. It's like I don't know if I I I liked the no boys. It seems good without the And then as time went by, I was like, it's actually great when there's all boys sometimes. Sometimes I like all boys. All boys age, men. Yeah. Oops. All boys. Uh, no. But to be clear, what I said I would clutch is getting the talk. If I was a kid, did you're Oh, yeah. I would clutch a getting. I said when I see a vagina, I'm like, "Yeah, the alphabet would work on that." Yeah. This is over. What do you mean? This Did you either clutch or didn't? I'm saying if you if I had the talk, I would have clutched it. I think I think Yeah. Okay. I didn't get the talk. I think the harder thing is for the parent. I think I clutched the talk as a parent. It's hard as a kid, too. Cuz that's what I thought you were both. You're burning up bread inside. You're like, "Oh my god, they're they're showing me paginas and Yeah. And my dad hasn't been home in like a year. We're not even talking about that." Aiden, you said you clutch as a parent. Sorry. You're the parent now. Yeah. You're still the mother. Dinner's ready. Shut up. Okay. I got to I got to do that thing. I got to do that thing. I have homework for 30 seconds. I'm knocking on the door. Okay. I'm knocking on the door. I got Oh, one second. One second. Wait. Wait. Wait, wait. Which one's Who's who? I'm the kid. I thought he was the mom. He's the mom. He's the Oh, he's the dad. He's the dad now. The place and I'm your cool uncle. And you're naked uncle. You're my I I open the door. I open the door. I open the door. I I have I have my One Piece jammies on. I'm clearly erect. Oh, love. Wait. Love. Wait. Why are you're pitching a temp right now? Oh, I'm trying to talk to you. Your uncle's here. It was uh Wow, what a hug. Uncle Nick, he's saying my gay ass brother made that hog. I don't I don't He wants to see your kid's hog. Oh, boys. Switch to the other tab. What's on that tab? Uh uh I I I control shift T cuz I'm an honest child. And up pops One Piece porn. It's uh Nico Robin. She she ate a loia devil fruit so she can have fire breasts. She's hawking lugies in this porn. Yeah. No, she has a loia fruit and her breasts are made of fire. Yeah. I kiddo scoot over. I open up command prompt. I enter like a big string of code with a 300 words per minute and then I just press enter and you're mining Bitcoin and I'm out. I'll see you guys later. All right. So you guys I'll be back in 30 years. See, that's why your uncle your uncle's so successful. He does valuable things. Am I in trouble? Uh look, there's nothing wrong here except for that you got to stop watching One Piece. You got to stop watching. I'm okay. I'm okay with pornographic One Piece. I don't think you should be watching the normal show. It's just not good media. This is brain rot media. I just heard What the hell is the come fruit? It's one of the greatest stories ever told, but whatever. Son, you you have any girls or boys you have a crush on at school? No, that's gay, Dad. I'm so homophobic. I'm 12. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's gay. Okay. Liking girls is gay. Well, yeah. That's also kind of gay, I think. Yeah. Uh well, do you know what? Uh You know what? Why don't we just keep it at that? You can just keep being gay. Don't talk to anybody. Don't talk to any girls or boys in the world. Stop watching One Piece. And uh I think your mother will be happy with this. I think we'd still beat us. Uh you could beat you could beat off. Just leave the door open. And then boom, A24. He didn't have the birds of the beast. And then A24 logo. It was like a 30-minute trailer. That's the Well, he said he's if he's he thinks it's gay. So, yeah. I We're kind of at an impass. You But okay, but you you got to then broach you say, "Hey, it's gay now." I think with my kid, one day it won't be gay. With my kid, I'm going to do birds bees and beatbox and I'm going to be like the point the penis and the dumpling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the gonna be like, "Well, this sounds awesome." Nick, you already have the talk locked down. What's that? You go up to your kids' room. You go. I can't even say it. I can't say it. I'm your kid now. What if I had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What if I had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They're already just going to intuit it cuz they have my genetics. They kind of just know they're going to be like, "Oh, well, I would know exactly what to do. Uh, I'd probably want to make it finish for me." Now, which hole is the pagina? Do you think in those those like textbooks? So, so someone draws those images, right? Actually, there's a I I talked about this before. There's this guy who you just watched Bad Melee. He does medical anatomy textbook drawings. He's a very talented artist and I still follow him on Instagram and he draws like brains and hearts and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, but the do you think there is a decision or a conversation made about how large to make the woman's breasts? Yeah, there's definitely an editor note has a sticky note and it says tad too small. Areas are too big. Right. Right. Like why not some like off thebeaten path breast? Well, they have to be they have to be I think somewhat big because then you have to if you're a young boy. Oh, I didn't even think about that. It would be all AI now. All the textbooks are for sure using AI. CHBT defaults to bigger breasts. Can we just say it? Why do you know that? I'm just guessing right. Oh, I thought I thought you were saying that between calling Colleen sessions, he's typing in woman with breasts and just seeing that. I think media defaults to that. Of course. I mean, at the end of the day, you have to depict breasts. Like, if you put Martin Luther King with breasts, it's not going to give him a way big. I remember big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bazookas reading like having having this book and uh I think another one at some point too, but these like illustrated kids explanations of puberty series. Huh? I don't I don't know. I just remember there being like I don't know. I didn't see a lot of boobs back then. Those eyewitness books and it just says [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But they were both they were both books that were neutral in their presentation of like is this going to go to you know boys or girls to like teach them. So in the section about women it was like it showed like 20 women of all you know shapes and sizes like all women look different. And it's like and I remember Yeah. There was a penis lineup in mine. Yeah. And then in the men have a penis line and some guys are bigger and some guys are shorter and it's to show you that you accept your body no matter what. They didn't have one about really droopy balls because that's what I got. Yeah. Well, and then it never told me about the dumpling pitch and then it didn't tell Well cuz cuz we all just kind of know that. You figured that one out. Yeah. Dennis Office magazine called Goon Books and it's like a zoo book but it's all Yeah. Goon Books in the Wild. Goon Books. Yeah. like catching fish in the Speaking of This has just been done, but it wasn't called Goon Books. You guys just have Playboy magazines in your bathroom at home? Yeah. You got Goon books at home? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, you had Playboys in your bathroom? Yeah. Yeah. Cutie loves Playboy. Oh, your current bathroom. I thought you meant your childhood bathroom. Oh, god. No. Playboys in it from like French ass household. No, my my my girlfriend loves old Playboy lore. Okay. And she got like ancient Playboy magazines from the 60s or 70s or whenever. They learn how to grab. Dude, she's got like There's like three of them in a game informer in there. Dude, the learn the learn how to grab memes coming back. Why is that? Ken versus Bomb Soldier round two. That's hype. Yeah, that's hype. That's pretty cool. That's hype. You think Bomb Soldier still's got it. When was the last time he played publicly? Is that kind of recent? He did. He played it. He went to some sort of Japanese tournament where he showed up and and people watched. He didn't play in the tournament, but people watched him play and he can still move around. Here's the thing, bro. I cooked for us, all the guys who don't go to tournaments and are allowed on Twitter right now. Let's watch Ken and Bomb Soldier play. Yeah, that's where we can all unite as one. Finally, something for the whole family. What? You said like you were going to say something and then you kind of just felt your legs. I'm just kind of thinking about my thighs. I think about your thighs a lot. Okay. Well, we can show you uh his thighs in the Patreon episode which is coming up right now. if you're not already in there. It's an Xbox 360 summer, so it's also go thigh for thigh. Do you guys want to keep doing the Patreon episodes? I was thinking about quitting this whole podcast, but I have a date in mind. You have a date? I'll tell you in the Patreon. Okay, let's get there. They reached out and uh they got back to us and they said, "You asked one week too late." Whoa. Timothy tell me what Dylan in this new movie. We just do that for 90 minutes. That'd be awesome. And he just he just tries to leave and like the doors are locked. Timothy, sit down and tell us more. Tell us more. When do you want to become an actor? That That would be our I think that's when we all become really famous. Oh, you're done. You're out of here. Done, man. That's it. Go on. All right, man. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gay.